No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. There are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. There degenerative changes of the spine. There is an IVC XXXX identified.
Stable emphysematous lung changes. No acute abnormality seen. Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease.
Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.
1. Interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. This may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. Since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. The right lung is clear.
Stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia. Heart size remains slightly large. Aorta remains tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
Emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. PA and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX and mild aortic ectasia. Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX, and XXXX secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. No evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Heart size within normal limits, minimal aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Abnormal interstitial pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease, infectious, inflammatory process, atypical pulmonary edema. Not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury. No definite pleural effusion seen, no pneumothorax. 
Three total images. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. No comparisons are available to evaluate stability. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 
Asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. Upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. Recommend XXXX XXXX chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. Findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX in the XXXX department at XXXX a.m. XXXX/XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
Chronic parenchymal changes XXXX reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. The XXXX are mildly prominent but stable. No acute infiltrate is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Mild cardiomegaly. Mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Tortuosity of the descending aorta. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal silhouette appears stable with coarsely calcified and tortuous aorta. There is no edema. Scattered lung calcifications from old granulomatous disease. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable left lateral pleural thickening or scarring. 
Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable right paratracheal opacity. XXXX correlated XXXX of the chest XXXX, XXXX this represents vascular shadows. Mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. Degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, XXXX T10 on T11. 
Heart size is normal. Mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Couple of XXXX nodules in the left base are XXXX calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and XXXX XXXX widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
No acute findings. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. There residual to prior granulomatous infection. Lungs are otherwise clear. Degenerative change of the spine.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. Left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. Interval followup to resolution is recommended. Heart size appears upper limits of normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise normal mediastinum. Confluent and XXXX opacities seen within the left base. There are no visible nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tortuous aorta. Prominent hilar contours. Worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. A pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. A followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. If this area does not resolve, further characterization with XXXX may be warranted. 
No significant finding. The lungs are relatively clear with XXXX sulci. Heart size normal in LV contour. Slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. T-spine unremarkable.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. 2. Age-indeterminate XXXX deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Clear lungs. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Generative changes within the spine. In the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge XXXX of a vertebral body.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Mild aortic tortuosity. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are clear 
Minimal XXXX left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.
Mild hyperinflation. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate is seen.
1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Unchanged exam without acute abnormality. Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. Prior granulomatous disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX. There are sternotomy XXXX and bypass markers. There is a hiatal hernia. The aorta is tortuous.
1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute process. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX identified. The heart is within normal limits in size. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease. Consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic XXXX blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. A persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta remains tortuous.
Heart size normal. Mildly tortuous aorta. No overt edema. No focal consolidation, no pneumothorax. No significant pleural effusion, though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image. 
Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Aorta is ectatic. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
Suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. Consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. Consider XXXX of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential XXXX. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
Right IJ catheter tip in proximal right atrium. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline in size. The aorta is mildly tortuous. XXXX right IJ catheter is in XXXX with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are grossly clear. There is no large effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Mild XXXX left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia.
Hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasia/tortuosity. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury. 
Chest. 1. Left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. If there are no prior films available for comparison XXXX scan for further evaluation. Pelvis and left hip. Rotated subcapital fracture left hip. Femur. 1. No fracture the remaining portions of the femur. Left knee. 1. Normal for age.  Dr. XXXX- XXXX was called and informed of these critical results at XXXX. Chest  Comparison: There is a 2.6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac XXXX. There may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is borderline enlarged. The aorta is dilated and tortuous. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.  Pelvis and left hip There is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. No pelvic fracture is seen. Arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. Large amount of stool and XXXX obscures portions of the pelvis.  Femur The femoral images do not XXXX the area of the hip fracture. The remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. Extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present.  Left knee There is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. No fracture is seen. No dislocation is identified. Severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Tortuous aorta. Prominent first ribs. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. 
Heart size normal. Slightly tortuous calcified aorta. No pneumothorax or effusion. No evidence of aortic transection. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek).
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension The heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
Heart size normal. Tortuous dilated aorta. Minimal basilar infiltrate left base 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. No overt edema. Question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. No visible pneumothorax. 
XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12.
Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. The lungs are grossly clear. No pneumothorax is seen. There are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. Mild convexity of right mediastinal contour XXXX superimposed vasculature/ aortic tortuosity. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. The aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.
1. Cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications XXXX representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or XXXX focal airspace consolidation.
Bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections. Patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
XXXX change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta tortuous.
1. Posterior basilar XXXX opacity XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar XXXX opacity seen on lateral XXXX XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis, XXXX visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine.
1. Low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. 2. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Heart size is normal. Slightly tortuous aorta. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No adenopathy or fibrosis. 
1. Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. Findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. Atypical infection is another consideration. There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified.
Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest. The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. Tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Exaggerated kyphosis. XXXX are diffusely osteopenic. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior XXXX loss of several vertebral bodies.
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. There is some tortuosity of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
1. Upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic XXXX. No acute pulmonary process. The heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
There is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. Tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. No overt edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 
Stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. There is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or XXXX pulmonary nodularity. No interval change is found in the bony thorax. The heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. The fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule XXXX on the CT scan. No XXXX pulmonary nodule is found.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Aorta is mildly tortuous. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Aortic calcifications and tortuosity. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mildly tortuous aorta.
Heart size is top normal. Tortuous aorta. No edema. Patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Right hilar surgical clips. 
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Sequela primary granulomatous disease. Lungs clear. Minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. Anterior cervical fusion XXXX. Tortuous and ectatic aorta. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
No acute process. Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.
No acute findings Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted.
Minimal left costophrenic XXXX airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Minimal left costophrenic XXXX airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. There is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. 
1. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. 2. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. 3. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
Heart size normal. Slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia. 
Cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylosis.
1. Emphysema without acute infiltrate. 2. Progressive XXXX deformity of midthoracic vertebral body, XXXX T9. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are again identified. There is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. XXXX deformity of T9 appears worse than prior study.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. Lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are noted. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. No focal air space consolidations are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately T12.
No acute process. Stable cardiomegaly. There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. They're stable tortuosity of the aorta. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.
Ectatic aorta. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous and ectatic. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. Pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
Heart size within normal limits. Dense mitral annular calcification. Tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. No edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated. There is left basilar scarring. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The aortic XXXX is mildly tortuous. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. Large body habitus.
Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with XXXX left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure. 
Scattered XXXX opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. There is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
Moderate hiatal hernia. No definite pneumonia. Lungs are relatively clear. Heart size normal. Unfolded aorta. Moderate hiatal hernia. T-spine osteophytes and DISH.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable aortic tortuosity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. Scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, XXXX biliary stent.
Right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. A patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. Left lung is clear. Heart size normal. Aorta tortuous.
1. Stable left chest dual XXXX ICD/pacemaker. 2. Improved lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta appears tortuous and ectatic, unchanged from comparison exam. There is a stable dual XXXX ICD/pacemaker. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact.
There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline on frontal view, somewhat atypical. However, on lateral view the XXXX is in the expected region of right ventricle. Correlate clinically. This is without significant change compared to XXXX. No significant change in position of the device overlying left chest wall. . There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline in the expected region of the right ventricle. Calcified granulomas. Normal heart size. Tortuous aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Elevated right diaphragm. Prominent hilar contours bilaterally. No acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion. 
No pneumothorax. Similar appearance. Minimal XXXX opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. Otherwise, The lungs are clear with granulomas and XXXX sulci. Heart size upper normal thin LV contour.Unfolded calcified aorta. T-spine small osteophytes.
1. 7mm non calcified nodule, XXXX in appearance, recommend CT chest without contrast. Lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
Tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam. the heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. The aorta is tortuous. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. XXXX deformities of T7 and T9. T9 is XXXX compared to XXXX thorax from XXXX. Sternotomy XXXX are present. Patient has XXXX cardiac valve replacement. Atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. No focal infiltrate. Heart size is normal. Stable ectatic aorta. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is a stable XXXX deformity of T7. However, there is XXXX loss of vertebral body XXXX at T9 compared XXXX thorax from XXXX.
1. Cardiomegaly The heart size is enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. Normal mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. There are intact midline sternotomy XXXX and postsurgical changes of prior CABG. The aorta is unfolded. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
1. No acute posttraumatic finding. 2. Mild right basilar airspace consolidation may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. 3. Changes of chronic lung disease. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Multiple thoracic XXXX deformities appear unchanged. There is no displaced rib fracture identified. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. There is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of the XXXX. Tortuous aorta.
No active disease. Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1. Cardiomegaly without failure 2. Ectatic aorta Heart size is enlarged. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX old pleural scar. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. A left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. There is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. Aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the XXXX.
Chronic changes without acute process Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Right lower lung granuloma.
Left basilar airspace disease. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Tortuous and dilated aorta. Chronic interstitial markings. Left base opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Cardiomegaly. There are midline sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips consistent with prior CABG. The heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. There is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative spine changes.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying XXXX XXXX or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on AP view, with correlate on lateral view. Degenerative spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Emphysema and atherosclerosis. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Clear lungs. Enlarged left ventricle. A tortuous dilated aorta. No pneumonia 
Heart size normal. Slight tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear. No effusions or edema 
Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of prior right mastectomy.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and vascularity are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.
1. Low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size. Mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
No acute abnormality seen. Normal heart size. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. Mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. The aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. There is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. There are severe degenerative changes of the XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. If findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. No focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact. Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. Contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the XXXX-of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, XXXX appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mildly enlarged heart. Tortuous aorta. Aortic calcifications. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumonia 
Cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings. There has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. The lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are grossly normal.
1. Stable aneurysmal enlargement of the XXXX and descending aorta. Chest CTA could be obtained as a XXXX. 2. Borderline heart size. 3. No acute pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Tortuous ectatic aorta. The aortic XXXX is near 5 cm in diameter. There is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. There is biapical scarring. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylitic changes.
Chronic changes as described, no acute findings Stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. . Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate. The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
Cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
COPD and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung XXXX. There is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung XXXX bilaterally. This is XXXX to be similar to XXXX scan. The heart is normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
No acute findings Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
Probable XXXX posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia. Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1. Cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. The heart size is enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is tortuous and calcified, compatible with atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. Severe degenerative changes of both XXXX. The medial lung apices are obscured by the patient's mandible.
Borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change, differential diagnosis is XXXX and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema, inflammation, atypical infection, infiltrative process. Comparison with previous exams would be of XXXX. Bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended, differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy, metastatic disease. Heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, XXXX and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Atrial septal occluder artifact. Mild spine curvature.
Heart size normal. Dilated tortuous calcified aortic XXXX. Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. Multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most XXXX represents calcified granulomas. No nodules or masses. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Review of XXXX-CT demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified tortuous aorta. No focal air space disease. Stable chronic lung changes. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size upper limits of normal but stable. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
