No active disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar XXXX are present
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. There are small T-spine osteophytes.
Minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No acute findings. There are minimal XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Cardiac defibrillator XXXX overlies the right ventricle. The XXXX appears intact. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine AP technique. No edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. There is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly T7, age-indeterminate. Correlate for midthoracic tenderness. No displaced, acute rib fractures are identified. 
Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. The heart is normal. There are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
Small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. 
Apical lordotic frontal projection. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with fullness of the left atrial appendage and XXXX pulmonary outflow. Mild aortic calcifications. Hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. XXXX opacities in the lingula may be compatible scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. There is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. Stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX and a left basilar calcified granuloma. Acute osseous abnormality. The mediastinal silhouette stable.
1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of active TB. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified XXXX opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Large bilateral hilar calcified lymph XXXX/granulomas. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. 3. Moderate hiatus hernia. There is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right. The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal silhouette appears stable with coarsely calcified and tortuous aorta. There is no edema. Scattered lung calcifications from old granulomatous disease. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable left lateral pleural thickening or scarring. 
No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is normal. Calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD. There is calcified hilar lymph XXXX. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Prominent ascending aorta. Calcified left hilar XXXX. 
Chronic changes as described, no acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.
Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. The lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. There is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. The bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a XXXX right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. No acute bony abnormality identified.
Nodular density noted on recent PA chest radiograph XXXX represents an artifact. No nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside XXXX from XXXX. There are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. There is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. This may be artifact. Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph XXXX. The pleural spaces are clear.
Few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. These small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. Comparison with an XXXX chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability. There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, XXXX seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Hyperexpanded lung XXXX compatible with COPD. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Question large pulmonary arteries. Lung XXXX are hyperexpanded. Prominent substernal air space. Aortic calcifications. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. 
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in the left infrahilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
No acute abnormality identified. Heart size is normal. There are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph XXXX which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings.
Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified bilateral hilar lymph XXXX, greater on the left. No acute osseous findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. Remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
Heart size is normal. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. Calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph XXXX unchanged. 
1. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. No acute abnormality. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. These appear similar to the patient's previous chest CT and are XXXX the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Chest. Large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. A low KV P chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the XXXX. If the patient has an outside chest radiograph, comparison can be XXXX and the report addended. 2. Ribs. Normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. If there are questions regarding this interpretation, please XXXX XXXX. Chest. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. There are probably right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. Lungs otherwise are clear. There is no pleural effusion. Left ribs. No fracture or focal bony destruction.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There are no masses seen. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
No acute abnormality. . Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
Calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on PA view only. This may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. This could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. Azygos fissure incidentally noted. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Mediastinal contour in normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. There is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. 
1. XXXX 1 XXXX nodular density seen on the PA view only projecting in the right midlung. Recommend noncontrasted enhanced XXXX for evaluation of this nodule. Does this patient have known XXXX factors for malignancy? 2. Somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis There are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior XXXX. To the pulmonary interstitium is not clear, making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. This may reflect XXXX parenchymal nodules. XXXX nodules were identified on the prior chest CT. Mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. There are small calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX otherwise appear normal. Pleural spaces appear clear.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery. 
1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. Consider imaging correlation with XXXX abdomen study, if available. . There is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size is within normal limits. There is ectasia/tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. Irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since XXXX and may represent mitral annular calcifications. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities.
Interval improvement/resolution right patchy lateral base opacity. There is continued XXXX density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . Costophrenic XXXX blunting may persist but the left costophrenic XXXX is clipped from view. There is a right middle base calcific nodular density XXXX from old granulomatous disease. Mild left apical pleural thickening. XXXX XXXX and valve XXXX. Probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. Thoracic spine DISH. 
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. Possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially T12-L1. The lungs are clear. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at T12-L1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable calcified hilar XXXX and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. However, given the presence of small nodules on the XXXX chest CT scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with XXXX scan (unless already recently performed). There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable XXXX bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on XXXX examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. XXXX lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
1. Round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. Recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest CT with IV contrast. Lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. There is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph XXXX. Stable lingular scarring. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. There are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent XXXX is most XXXX calcified. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multiple small calcified bilateral hilar nodules XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
Stable left lower lung XXXX calcified granuloma. Otherwise lungs are clear. Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. No XXXX of the pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. No XXXX of active tuberculosis. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. There is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. There is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Improved lung volumes, XXXX left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Severe hyperinflation. 2. Stable left calcified hilar lymph XXXX. The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. The left hilar calcified lymph XXXX appear stable. There is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule XXXX representing a granuloma. The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
1. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. 2. Question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. Overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX are demonstrated. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
Small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.
Heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No other nodules or masses. It is unchanged XXXX compared to a XXXX for the abdomen CT scan from XXXX. The XXXX 40% of the nodule is on the upper portion of the XXXX film. 
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
Heart size normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. Calcified right and left hilar lymph XXXX. There is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. This could be consistent with sarcoidosis. The small nodular opacities were present on the old CT scan from XXXX 
Heart size is normal. Slightly tortuous aorta. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No adenopathy or fibrosis. 
Lingular nodule measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm. Recommend XXXX to further evaluate. The above findings and recommendations were discussed with XXXX XXXX at XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX XXXX telephone. Mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Costophrenic XXXX are XXXX. There is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. Within the heart XXXX, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. No pneumothorax.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. A calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in left hilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. 2. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities are seen.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX unchanged. Old XXXX fracture deformity of approximately T6. 
No evidence of active tuberculosis. Mild cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Calcified hilar XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified left suprahilar XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. The lungs appear clear. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. This was seen well on prior XXXX. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX represents calcified granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX, XXXX decreased in size from prior exam. Heart size is normal. XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace disease. There are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, XXXX old granulomatous infection. There are no acute bony findings.
Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Calcified left hilar XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX XXXX from prior granulomatous disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No active pulmonary disease. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most XXXX a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified left hilar node.
Multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. There basilar calcified granulomas. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Stable left lung base calcifications. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
No acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Stable calcification in the left upper lobe, XXXX representing a granuloma. No focal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
XXXX change. COPD with no acute disease. Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. No change calcified left hilar XXXX and left small granuloma.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. Lungs are otherwise clear. No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. There is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from XXXX of XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No suspicion bony destruction identified.
Hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A calcific density in the left midlung zone XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. Bony structures appear intact.
Heart size normal. No fibrosis. Right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No effusions. 
Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph XXXX. Left lateral lung calcified granuloma. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.
1. Redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No focal pulmonary consolidation. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are demonstrated in the left hilum. No focal pulmonary consolidation. Diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.
Small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. Correlate clinically for XXXX of infection/pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No edema. Normal heart size. Mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. Right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Lungs are clear. No edema or effusion. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. 2. Stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic XXXX pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. Stable blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. Redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT.
Exam limited by body habitus. Grossly similar appearance of the heart and mediastinum. Left upper lung nodule appears calcified and XXXX reflects granuloma. There is a small left pleural effusion, no definite right-sided pleural effusion and no visible pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. 
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Negative chest. The bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. The lung XXXX are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. We again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior granulomatous disease. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
1. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. 2. Clear lungs The lungs appear clear. The thoracic aorta remains tortuous. The presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study XXXX. A there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. The pleural spaces are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
No acute findings Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Also small perihilar calcified lymph XXXX. Lungs are clear. No active parenchymal disease. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.
Approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. This is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. A CT of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. There is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one XXXX margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the PA view. This is not definitely seen on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There are T-spine osteophytes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX there
Calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma / histoplasmoma. A few calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
XXXX opacity in left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the XXXX-of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, XXXX appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
Right-sided perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and infracarinal calcified lymph XXXX. These XXXX represent previous granulomatous disease. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. 
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX/granulomas. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Old fracture, right mid clavicle.
Heart size normal. Right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. No acute bone abnormality.
Right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. There is mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mediastinal contour. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. No acute lung infiltrates. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Tubular densities overlying the heart XXXX are XXXX coronary artery stents. There are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and XXXX represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph XXXX and scattered calcified granulomas. Stable degenerative changes in the spine.
Slight cardiomegaly. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No edema or effusions. 
Bibasilar atelectasis. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. Right hilar calcifications XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
Heart size normal. Over expanded lungs. Aortic valve prosthesis. Calcified right hilar lymph node. Stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. The patient has XXXX right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans. From XXXX. 
Comparison XXXX, XXXX Hyperexpansion and changes of COPD as before. Calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. Lungs are overall clear. Mediastinal contour stable. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous examination.. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs appear clear. There are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. Mediastinal contours appear normal. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum.
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. A few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. This has been present and without significant change since at XXXX XXXX. Nonemergent chest CT may be useful. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. There is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
