No acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. No acute bone abnormality..
1. Retrocardiac soft tissue density. The appearance suggests hiatal hernia. 2. XXXX left base bandlike opacity. The appearance suggests atelectasis. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. Vascular calcification is noted. Calcified granuloma is seen. There has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. This may represent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Osteopenia is present in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma, right base. Normal XXXX.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum unchanged. No change hiatus hernia.
Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. The heart is normal. There are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
1. Ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. This may represent pleural based process. The exact XXXX is unclear. Followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. Calcified granuloma, right lung base. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable small calcified granuloma left base. No XXXX acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.
No acute abnormality. Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Stable postsurgical changes. Heart XXXX, mediastinum and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Right lower lobe calcified granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. There is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. Stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX and a left basilar calcified granuloma. Acute osseous abnormality. The mediastinal silhouette stable.
1. ICD XXXX tip overlying the right ventricle. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ICD XXXX tip remains in the right ventricle. Stable calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Stable left chest cardiac XXXX generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony structures appear intact.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Large bilateral hilar calcified lymph XXXX/granulomas. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Circumscribed structure in the AP XXXX could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality XXXX as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. As prior chest x-XXXX are not available online at this XXXX should be considered. Normal heart size. There is a round density in the AP XXXX. XXXX study performed in XXXX is not available for review at this time. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left lung base. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
No evidence of active disease. There are scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right humeral internal fixation XXXX is noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. The XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are calcified granulomas noted. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. 3. Moderate hiatus hernia. There is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease. Calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. There are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Heart size is within normal limits. Normal mediastinal contours. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The osseous structures are grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. There has been resolution of the left-sided airspace disease.
No active disease. Calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. These are unchanged since the previous examination. Both lungs are free of active infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is identified.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Heart size is normal. Mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Couple of XXXX nodules in the left base are XXXX calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. No thoracic XXXX fractures.
Emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. No acute process. Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
1. Findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. XXXX chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Mild increased lung markings XXXX due to chronic changes. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Calcified left lower lobe granuloma. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Chest. Heart size is normal lungs are clear. Calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. Left shoulder. No fractures and no dislocations. Minimal XXXX degenerative disease. 
Normal chest exam. Normal heart. Clear lungs. Stable calcified granuloma left midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Midline trachea.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance XXXX compared to the previous examinations.
Hyperexpanded lung XXXX compatible with COPD. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Question large pulmonary arteries. Lung XXXX are hyperexpanded. Prominent substernal air space. Aortic calcifications. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 2. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance XXXX atelectasis/scar. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is some minimal biapical scarring. A calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Heart size or great lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end. 
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities Normal cardiac contour. Stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcifications in the aortic XXXX. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No active disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded. An old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.
SOFT TISSUE NECK. Small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. SOFT TISSUE NECK. There is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. There is no prevertebral soft tissue XXXX. The epiglottis is within normal limits. There is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
Heart size is normal. Calcified right paratracheal lymph XXXX calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. No arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
No lobar pneumonia is present. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. Mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. No active pneumonia. Bony structures are intact.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild hyperinflation. Limited exam as the left costophrenic XXXX is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. No effusions. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia. No bony abnormalities. Status post left shoulder replacement. 
Age indeterminant but XXXX acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs XXXX related to background of emphysema. Calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
Minimal small area scarring of the left base. There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. Calcified granuloma left upper lobe. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion.
No acute abnormality. . Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. XXXX calcified granuloma seen. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Calcified granulomas in bilateral XXXX and overlying the T9 vertebral body(lateral view). No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Spurring of the thoracic spine.
1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute process. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX identified. The heart is within normal limits in size. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most XXXX sequela of granulomatous process. No focal infiltrate or consolidation. . If one would like to discuss this case further, please XXXX. XXXX at XXXX. Thanks. Heart size normal. Mediastinum unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. Multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. No focal volume loss evident. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax unremarkable.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. There is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. No acute bony abnormality. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. There are other scattered calcified granulomas. The osseous structures are intact. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
No acute pulmonary findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. The lungs are otherwise clear. Prior anterior cervical fusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacification.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. Thin XXXX lingular scar, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. There are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
Well-expanded and clear lungs. Conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Calcified lingular granuloma. No focal consolidations or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Breast implants there is a moderate wedge XXXX deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, XXXX T6, age-indeterminate. 
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. Status post resection of left upper lobe. No adenopathy, nodules, or masses. No effusion. 
Calcified granulomas. No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable calcified hilar XXXX and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures. A calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. 2. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . Stable cardiomegaly. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX calcific density in the left mid to upper lung XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No focal consolidation. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. However, given the presence of small nodules on the XXXX chest CT scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with XXXX scan (unless already recently performed). There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. Calcified aortic XXXX. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. This is essentially unchanged. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be XXXX unremarkable. A few calcified granulomata are noted. No focal infiltrates are seen. No obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. Osseous structures appear to be XXXX unremarkable. 
No acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. These most XXXX represent calcified small granulomas. A low KV film XXXX demonstrate these are probably calcified. 
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is XXXX to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
No active disease. A calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic XXXX. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Stable left lower lung XXXX calcified granuloma. Otherwise lungs are clear. Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. No XXXX of the pleural effusions. No XXXX of active cardiopulmonary disease. No XXXX of active tuberculosis. 
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Remote left clavicle fracture.
No acute preoperative findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications are present. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. Prior cholecystectomy.
Probable COPD and old granulomatous disease. Some hyperinflation appears to be present. There are small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart is normal. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
Stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. Overall this is not XXXX to represent a significant change from XXXX. Frontal and lateral views. The cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. Interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. Calcified granulomas are also identified. XXXX compared to the previous CT scan, there has been no significant interval change. No developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax.
Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Right middle lobe lung nodule. Corresponds to one of those seen on the previous XXXX scan. The other nodules seen on the chest CT scan are not XXXX identified. This may be due to XXXX having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-XXXX. A chest CT scan would be needed to be XXXX to determine whether these have XXXX resolved or XXXX not visible on the chest x-XXXX. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities, degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. On XXXX component of a XXXX scan XXXX XXXX/XXXX, several nodules were identified. A nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous CT scan.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Probable previous granulomatous disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There are scattered nodular opacities, XXXX calcified granulomas. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. No other nodules or masses. It is unchanged XXXX compared to a XXXX for the abdomen CT scan from XXXX. The XXXX 40% of the nodule is on the upper portion of the XXXX film. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified granulomas. 
Cardiomegaly without acute disease. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are extensive vascular calcifications. There is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
Heart size is normal. Scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. Resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. Stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic XXXX. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. The thoracic aorta is unfolded and tortuous. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips overlying the neck. There are scattered calcified granulomas.
No acute abnormality. Sternotomy XXXX noted. Suture material overlies the left upper lobe. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scarring left costophrenic XXXX, unchanged. Calcified granulomas noted.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present which are XXXX to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Scattered calcified granulomas noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.
No evidence of active disease. There are several small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. Bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. Calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. The XXXX are generally unremarkable.
heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma. 
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. Borderline cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. A calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in left hilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. This could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. No prior images are currently available for comparison. If outside images are available comparison is recommended. Otherwise XXXX scan of the chest. Calcified granulomas are present. There is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. This is approximately 1.2 cm in diameter. It may be secondary to overlapping structures. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal. Calcifications of the aortic XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are unremarkable. There has been a left mastectomy.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. No edema or effusions. No pneumonia 
Chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. Tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Exaggerated kyphosis. XXXX are diffusely osteopenic. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior XXXX loss of several vertebral bodies.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Stable left subclavian chest XXXX catheter tip in mid SVC. Lungs are well expanded. Calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. Postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. Thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild XXXX loss of T4 and T7 vertebral bodies.
1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures.
No acute findings. The heart size is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. Aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. The lungs appear clear. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. This was seen well on prior XXXX. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. Pneumonia is in the differential. A followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process. Patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. No significant effusion. Clear right lung. Normal heart size. Granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. Right chest XXXX tip at SVC.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
There is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. Additional evaluation XXXX advised. Right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph XXXX. Some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX represents calcified granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX, XXXX decreased in size from prior exam. Heart size is normal. XXXX are unremarkable.
Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, XXXX combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions. There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
1. Near complete clearing of right midlung airspace disease. Minimal residuals from opacities remaining most XXXX represent small areas of scarring. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. Minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is identified. Implantable defibrillator is noted. Calcified granuloma is present in the left base.
No acute cardiothoracic abnormality. Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Negative for focal confluent airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. A few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
Changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation of the lungs. Mild pectus excavatum deformity. Stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. Stable calcified granulomas. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities with scarring; no acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. Stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. The lungs are clear.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Acute anterior XXXX deformities at L1-L2. Please see CT of the lumbar spine for further details. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There are acute mild anterior XXXX deformities identified at L1-L2. There is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of L1. A CT of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Elevation of the right XXXX diaphragm, containing liver. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. Normal heart size. Elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. There is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Vascular calcification is identified. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. No XXXX nodules are seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No focal airspace disease is identified.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Stent is noted in the abdomen. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified granuloma are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma right midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No active pulmonary disease. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most XXXX a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
1. Increased left hilar fullness. This may represent superimposed XXXX, adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. If there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or CT chest. 2. Large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam. The heart is normal in size. Mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. Lucencies throughout the chest XXXX representing emphysematous change. Scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax. Large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX Bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar XXXX scarring as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is again biapical scarring. Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.
Persistent and biapical opacities. No acute pulmonary disease identified. There is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. Mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
Radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema. Calcified granulomas noted. XXXX symmetric apical scarring. The diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat XXXX shaped. The cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. A calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute displaced rib fractures.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. There basilar calcified granulomas. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size is normal. Left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. Persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen XXXX on the lateral 
1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. Pectus carinatum. 3. No evidence of acute disease. The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Pectus carinatum is noted. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma are noted. Vascular calcification is noted.
There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline on frontal view, somewhat atypical. However, on lateral view the XXXX is in the expected region of right ventricle. Correlate clinically. This is without significant change compared to XXXX. No significant change in position of the device overlying left chest wall. . There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline in the expected region of the right ventricle. Calcified granulomas. Normal heart size. Tortuous aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
No evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. A bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Postsurgical changes of CABG without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX and CABG markers. Calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. T-spine degenerative changes.
1. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The pattern suggests emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease. The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma is identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No active disease. Lungs are clear. A calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No fracture visualized. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. The visualized bony structures appear intact. There is a XXXX radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is XXXX external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. Scattered calcified granulomas.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral XXXX and lung parenchyma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
1. No evidence of active disease. 2. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 3. Pectus carinatum. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Pectus carinatum is noted. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. A XXXX lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and XXXX entering from subclavian approach. The tip is noted in the superior XXXX XXXX inferiorly. No pneumothorax identified. The lungs appear clear. Few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. Previously seen left-sided PICC line has been removed. 
Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
Bilateral calcified granulomas. No acute airspace disease. No effusions. Heart size upper limits of normal. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
1. Minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. 2. No acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
Postoperative changes of the chest. Stable cardiomegaly. Left-sided ICD is stable in position. XXXX XXXX sternotomy. There is stable cardiac enlargement. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified right hilar granuloma and right pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt pulmonary edema.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. And there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
Heart size normal. No fibrosis. Right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No effusions. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There are calcified right hilar granulomas. There is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.
No evidence of active disease. Patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is noted.
Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph XXXX. Left lateral lung calcified granuloma. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.
Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. Calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. Coronary artery stent.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Stable appearing chest. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Stable mediastinal contour. Small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic XXXX XXXX a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest x-XXXX from XXXX. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. Stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since XXXX.
No acute abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. Stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
Lower cervical and upper thoracic XXXX spinal fixation XXXX. Multiple sternotomy XXXX. Bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. The lungs appear clear. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. 2. Stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic XXXX pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. Stable blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. Redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT.
1. Clear lungs. 2. Stable hiatal hernia. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. A hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
Exam limited by body habitus. Grossly similar appearance of the heart and mediastinum. Left upper lung nodule appears calcified and XXXX reflects granuloma. There is a small left pleural effusion, no definite right-sided pleural effusion and no visible pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size. Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. XXXX XXXX are intact.
No acute osseous abnormalities. If continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. Left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormalities. Left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged. . Redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable calcified granulomas. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
Calcified granuloma periphery left lung. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.
Round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. This may represent XXXX pulmonary nodule. The primordial XXXX was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. . There is a calcified granuloma left midlung. There is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be XXXX lung nodule.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. The aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. There is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. There are severe degenerative changes of the XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung XXXX. Lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart. Calcified right hilar granulomas. No focal infiltrate. Midline trachea.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX calcified granuloma in the right apex.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Scattered calcified granulomas. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are a few scattered calcified granulomas. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. No definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. There is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX/granulomas. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Old fracture, right mid clavicle.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No suspicious masses or nodules. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No masses or suspicious nodules. XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute findings. . Cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for AP technique. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. Small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. Otherwise the lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph XXXX and scattered calcified granulomas. Stable degenerative changes in the spine.
Stable appearance of the chest. No acute findings. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. No active airspace disease/infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma right upper lobe.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies. Calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. XXXX is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is XXXX large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. Followup XXXX radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. However, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. Scattered calcified granulomas also seen. Heart size is upper limit normal. No acute bony abnormality.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified stable right midlung granulomas. 
No acute pulmonary disease. Multiple thoracic XXXX deformities XXXX due to osteoporosis. Lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. Heart is not enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple XXXX deformities. A stimulator is seen.
1. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. Unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs appear clear. Scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear.
No evidence of active disease. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is hyperinflation. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
Small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. No suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. 
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. A calcified granuloma is redemonstrated in the right middle lobe. The thoracic spine appears intact.
No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Scattered calcified granuloma. Degenerative changes the spine.
Old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are T-spine osteophytes. Small nodule projecting near the left heart XXXX is unchanged from XXXX and appears calcified. This XXXX represents a calcified granuloma. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. This low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease.
 There are no focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Calcified granulomas. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
Heart normal. Lungs clear. Calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma 
No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX. XXXX chest radiograph is recommended if XXXX is not XXXX. The XXXX examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. Frontal view is lordotic in projection. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary inability. . Right lower lobe XXXX calcified granuloma. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is tortuous and calcified, compatible with atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. Severe degenerative changes of both XXXX. The medial lung apices are obscured by the patient's mandible.
No evidence of active disease. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Right basilar calcified granuloma noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic XXXX. Primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat, pericardial mass, pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. CT chest with contrast is recommended. These findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX by Dr. XXXX XXXX telephone at XXXX p.m. XXXX/XXXX. Dr. XXXX<XXXX>technologist receipt of the results. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic XXXX. Calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart size of the limits of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
Stable changes of COPD. There is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is hyperexpansion. No XXXX infiltrates. Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. Small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Middle lobe calcified granulomas. Normal XXXX.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma. 
Heart size normal. Dilated tortuous calcified aortic XXXX. Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. Multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most XXXX represents calcified granulomas. No nodules or masses. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Review of XXXX-CT demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. There are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Small T-spine osteophytes are noted.
1. A few basilar XXXX of opacity. This may represent scarring or atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis.
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic XXXX. This is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. In addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. Although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. Some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic XXXX greater than right. A subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. The osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes. 
