1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.
Stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact. Right humeral head bone anchor.
Slightly enlarged heart. No effusions. No edema. No nodules or masses. Aortic XXXX calcification. Aortic XXXX is normal size. Lungs are clear. 
Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior, right chest XXXX tip in the high SVC. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. Decreased from prior radiograph. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. There are postoperative changes of sternotomy and CABG. There is stable mild cardiomegaly. There are scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Question of left lower lobe pneumonia and/or pleural effusion. 2. Borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes. There is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. There may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. Upper limits of normal heart size. Mild central vascular prominence. Old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. There is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Heart size is enlarged. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present.
1. Cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. 2. Bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. There is stable cardiomegaly with XXXX pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. There are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute bony findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
Severe cardiomegaly. Limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. Recommend XXXX for further evaluation of mediastinum given T/Spine injury noted on C/Spine imaging. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. Lordotic projection and large body habitus. Limited mediastinal evaluation. Severe cardiomegaly. No visualized pneumothorax. No large effusion or airspace disease. No fracture.
1. Moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. Unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. 2. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 3. Widened mediastinum. Maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous XXXX. However, adenopathy, or mass is not excluded. CT of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings. There is widening of the mediastinum. There is moderate cardiomegaly identified. The central pulmonary XXXX appear enlarged. Correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal infiltrate. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Emphysema. 3. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic XXXX calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. Visualized vertebral body XXXX are grossly intact.
Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities XXXX represent interstitial edema. Cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal limits. Increased interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
1. Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is enlarged. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
Continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia. Heart size remains slightly large. Aorta remains tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
Borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Small right pleural effusion. No change. 3. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 4. Improvement in right lung airspace disease. The central venous line has been removed. An inflammatory defibrillator is noted. The heart is enlarged. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. No pneumothorax is seen. There has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. Some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. Heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX are within normal limits. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
Asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. Upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. Recommend XXXX XXXX chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. Findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX in the XXXX department at XXXX a.m. XXXX/XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
Left lung clear. Slight cardiomegaly. Right effusion. Right lower lobe infiltrate. Two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most XXXX representing hydropneumothorax. This radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. CT scan with IV contrast may be helpful. 
Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal XXXX left basilar scarring/atelectasis. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Minimal left midlung atelectasis. 3. Blunting of left costophrenic XXXX. This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. 2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. XXXX atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax.
1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis. Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
Mild cardiomegaly. Mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Tortuosity of the descending aorta. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Heart is mildly enlarged stable. Mediastinal contour is normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
Stable slight cardiomegaly. Sternotomy. Lungs clear. No destructive lesions of the ribs. No masses or nodules. Stable resection of distal left clavicle. No XXXX fractures of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcification. 
1. Borderline enlarged heart. 2. Tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta. 3. Fracture of the distal right clavicle, better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder. Borderline enlarged heart. Torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes of the spine. There is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated XXXX. Small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. Degenerative changes of both XXXX joints.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal silhouette appears stable with coarsely calcified and tortuous aorta. There is no edema. Scattered lung calcifications from old granulomatous disease. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable left lateral pleural thickening or scarring. 
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Left-sided XXXX/ICD device and leads are stable. Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia. There is mild cardiomegaly. The transverse XXXX is calcified. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable right paratracheal opacity. XXXX correlated XXXX of the chest XXXX, XXXX this represents vascular shadows. Mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. Degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, XXXX T10 on T11. 
Marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. Mild atelectasis in the right base. Stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. Obscured left heart XXXX. Kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel XXXX deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia. 
Cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. No effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses. 
1. Lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. Contrast-enhanced XXXX examination would XXXX to further evaluate if clinically indicated. 2. Mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. A lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam. Heart size upper limits normal. Vascularity normal.Calcified breast implants obscure some detail. Lungs are clear. Vascular calcifications aorta. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
Stable cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Left basilar airspace opacity XXXX secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. DISH of the thoracic spine is noted. Otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
Status post mediastinal surgery. Significantly improved aeration. Remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. For more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. No acute air space disease. No pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. 
No acute findings. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Basilar atelectasis with XXXX posterior recess pleural effusions. Overall, findings of mild volume overload. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Diffuse interstitial opacities. Bony structures appear intact. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
Persistent cardiomegaly. Right midlung scar. No visible acute failure or pneumonia. The heart is large. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of XXXX deformity. The visualized osseous structures are intact. No displaced rib fractures. No edema or airspace consolidation
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tortuous aorta. Prominent hilar contours. Worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. A pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. A followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. If this area does not resolve, further characterization with XXXX may be warranted. 
Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator, right atrial and right ventricular leads. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left greater than right, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is stable enlargement of the heart. No focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. Study is somewhat limited by body habitus. Cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen.
Borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral XXXX opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal hilar vasculature. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size mildly enlarged. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. S-shaped spine curvature noted.
No acute findings Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Minimal XXXX left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size is persistently enlarged. Lung volumes are low. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
No active disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1. Cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is moderate cardiomegaly. No interstitial edema or pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
Stable mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation, XXXX edema. The heart is mild enlarged. Central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. There are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Stable cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion is redemonstrated. Patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. Right base is clear. No large effusion or pneumothorax. 
1. Streaky left basilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis versus infiltrate. 2. Cardiomegaly, stable. Interval removal of cardiac XXXX generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Mild cardiomegaly. Normal size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. No focal pneumonia. Borderline enlarged heart size. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Calcified subcarinal lymph XXXX. Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Right apical fibronodular pleural scarring/thickening. Scattered interstitial densities without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
Borderline cardiomegaly and cardiac pacemaker. No change from prior studies. Cardiac pacemaker is present the leads are unchanged. The heart is borderline enlarged. I believe the lungs are clear. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures are normal for age.
1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size borderline enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged from prior exam. XXXX sternotomy XXXX unchanged in position from prior exam, with some disrupted. Cardiac XXXX generator overlies left chest with leads in unchanged position since prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Mild cardiomegaly. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Low lung volumes. There is marked cardiomegaly. There is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings are XXXX due to low lung volumes. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.
1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes. The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. Pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. Increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. This may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
Streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease. Consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic XXXX blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. A persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta remains tortuous.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. Cardiomegaly. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
Right IJ catheter tip in proximal right atrium. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline in size. The aorta is mildly tortuous. XXXX right IJ catheter is in XXXX with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are grossly clear. There is no large effusion.
1. Interval central catheter exchange. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. . A right internal jugular XXXX this catheter has been exchanged for a large XXXX left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. No acute bone findings. Stable cardiomegaly.
Stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax identified. . Stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. Stable mild interstitial opacities. Unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is moderately enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a XXXX ICD generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.
Limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality.
Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. There is moderate cardiomegaly. There are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. Prominent central vasculature. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Tracheostomy tube. Probable mild cardiomegaly. Prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. No pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
Findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Borderline heart size. The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
No acute pulmonary findings. Borderline cardiomegaly. Midline sternotomy XXXX. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. Clear lungs. Inferior XXXX XXXX XXXX.
1. Borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality. Borderline enlarged heart. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. Calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
1. Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. 3. No visible pneumothorax. AP and lateral view of the chest.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Platelike right midlung atelectasis. . There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax.
1. Pulmonary vascular congestion versus chronic fibrotic changes. 2. Cardiomegaly. 3. Senescent changes. There is hyperinflation lungs. There appears to be fibrosis or central pulmonary vascular congestion more pronounced on the left in the right. Heart is mildly enlarged. There no pleural effusions. Cardiac pacemaker seen. The skeletal structures show senescent changes.
Cardiomegaly. No effusions or edema. Clear chest 
Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Chest. 1. Left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. If there are no prior films available for comparison XXXX scan for further evaluation. Pelvis and left hip. Rotated subcapital fracture left hip. Femur. 1. No fracture the remaining portions of the femur. Left knee. 1. Normal for age.  Dr. XXXX- XXXX was called and informed of these critical results at XXXX. Chest  Comparison: There is a 2.6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac XXXX. There may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is borderline enlarged. The aorta is dilated and tortuous. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.  Pelvis and left hip There is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. No pelvic fracture is seen. Arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. Large amount of stool and XXXX obscures portions of the pelvis.  Femur The femoral images do not XXXX the area of the hip fracture. The remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. Extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present.  Left knee There is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. No fracture is seen. No dislocation is identified. Severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
Cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. No parenchymal infiltrates. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute or pulmonary disease. 
Cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema. . The heart is enlarged. There is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. The distribution XXXX pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Compared to prior examination from XXXX, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
Left-sided dual-XXXX pacemaker as expected. Possible XXXX effusions. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is biapical scarring noted. There is slight bilateral costovertebral XXXX blunting which may indicate XXXX effusions. No pneumothorax is identified. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left-sided dual-XXXX XXXX unchanged from the comparison study with leads in expected position.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension The heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
1. Stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Changes post bilateral thoracotomy and XXXX sternotomy. Intact XXXX XXXX. Stable position of the epicardial XXXX XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Bilateral small pleural effusions.
1. Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and XXXX posterior pleural effusion. 2. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. These lesions are XXXX and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with CT. Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of XXXX B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a XXXX posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes.
1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Question XXXX pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation. Mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent small effusions. No pneumothorax is present. There is moderate cardiomegaly. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
The 3 XXXX XXXX remain intact, and the prosthetic pulmonic valve is unchanged in position. A fourth XXXX XXXX remains disrupted. There is persistent mild to moderate cardiomegaly. The lungs appear clear. 
Cardiomegaly without acute pulmonary findings. The heart size is mildly enlarged. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. 2. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . Stable cardiomegaly. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX calcific density in the left mid to upper lung XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No focal consolidation. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
Cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. Mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Interstitial prominence. Maybe due to technical factors. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. Interstitium is XXXX prominent. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is XXXX spine spondylosis.
Marked increase in heart size. Cardiomegaly. Question pericardial effusion. Stable 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest, XXXX a granuloma. Lungs are clear. No effusion. Stable left hilar lymphadenopathy. 
Possible right lower lobe pneumonia. Cardiomegaly Heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity XXXX demonstrated on the lateral study. There is a fracture of superior sternotomy XXXX unchanged.
Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly. Bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
Left basilar atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX appear intact.
Findings consistent with left base airspace disease. There is no acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal vascular markings. Left basilar retrocardiac opacity. No pneumothorax.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality. Persistent cardiomegaly. No abnormal airspace consolidation. Resolved interstitial edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Persistent cardiomegaly. 2. Clear lungs. There is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and XXXX density on the frontal image. The lungs are clear. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the XXXX from XXXX, XXXX XXXX noted. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No XXXX airspace disease. The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.
Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. 
1. Scarring in the left midlung. 2. Cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery. There has been interval XXXX sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. Recommend follow PA and lateral radiograph XXXX XXXX or CT thorax for further evaluation. Bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable mild heart enlargement.Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. It is increased from most recent prior exam on XXXX. However, it appears similar compared to XXXX exams performed in XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Focal opacity in the left upper lobe XXXX represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
1. Cardiomegaly 2. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left base XXXX atelectasis Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Status post mediastinal surgery. Cardiomegaly. Atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. Lung volumes are reduced. Suspicion for at XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. 
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. . Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure. 2. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. 3. Cardiomegaly. 4. No XXXX abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same XXXX Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
Low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly. Minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate. 
Stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia. Radiographic attenuation obscures detail. Grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. Moderate cardiomegaly stable. Increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. Nonspecific, findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Pacemaker is noted. Vascular calcification is seen. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. Left-sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. Leads appear intact. No pneumothorax. 2. Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 3. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view, possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. There is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. Leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. The leads appear intact. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, XXXX pulmonary edema. There are XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. No large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is identified.
Low lung volumes with crowding. Mild left base atelectasis. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal XXXX XXXX secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1. Left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. 2. Cardiomegaly. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no visible pneumothorax. The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. However, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. The right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. This is XXXX-XXXX and may be due to left XXXX XXXX osteoarthritis or a remote right XXXX XXXX mild XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. Been sternotomy XXXX noted. No pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.
Stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. Stable cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
Stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. No acute interval change. The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable with changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft. Aorta is atherosclerotic. There are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. Left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. Patient is rotated. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. This is identified on a thoracic XXXX study from XXXX as well. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate.
XXXX and vague opacity at the right lower lobe of uncertain significance. Could represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Borderline heart size related to recent pregnancy. Consider followup chest radiographs to show clearing. Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.
Stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear 
Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. It would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. IMPRESSION: Exam: CHEST 2V FRONTAL/LATERAL Date: XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM Comparison: CT chest XXXX History: Shortness of breath FINDINGS: The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. IMPRESSION: Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
Heart size upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis. No change from prior exam. The outside x-XXXX is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. XXXX deformities of T12 and L1, unchanged XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX. 3. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. . Mild cardiomegaly. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is XXXX deformity of T12 and L1, unchanged XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX. Aortic calcifications are noted. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated.
1. Cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications XXXX representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or XXXX focal airspace consolidation.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
XXXX change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta tortuous.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
Cardiomegaly without acute disease. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are extensive vascular calcifications. There is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
Stable marked cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. There is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral XXXX and both XXXX tips overlying the right ventricle. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. . Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. Negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease. Cardiomegaly. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality. There is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly. There is a cardiac XXXX generator identified with 1-XXXX projected over the right ventricle. Stable moderate cardiomegaly is demonstrated. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. Interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
Cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. Shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest. 
1. Stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. Heart is mildly enlarged but stable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The patient is status post valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.
1. Stable position a left-sided pacemaker leads. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. There is a left-sided cardiac pacemaker identified whose leads are stable in position overlying the right atrial appendage and right ventricle. Persistent cardiomegaly. XXXX calcifications are noted of the mitral valve. There are bilateral pleural effusions. Mild subsegmental atelectasis of the right lung base. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Mild elevation right diaphragm. Bone demineralization.
Mild cardiomegaly. No overt edema. Lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Cardiomegaly which appears XXXX from XXXX with probable mild pulmonary edema. . There has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from XXXX. The cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. There are no acute bony findings.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence, could represent mild interstitial edema, atypical infection, or chronic interstitial changes. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. Bilateral interstitial prominence. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities.
There are low lung volumes with central vascular congestion and lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Compared to XXXX, there is a stable appearing defibrillator and cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX and spine. 
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
Lingular nodule measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm. Recommend XXXX to further evaluate. The above findings and recommendations were discussed with XXXX XXXX at XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX XXXX telephone. Mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Costophrenic XXXX are XXXX. There is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. Within the heart XXXX, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. Borderline cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates. There is redemonstration of an AICD in the left chest wall with intact stable XXXX placement. There are multiple intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. There is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. Mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. Redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic XXXX.
Mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema. The heart is large. In the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. Also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
Stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly and left-sided pacemaker. Increased pulmonary markings XXXX chronic without significant change. No active air space process. 
1. Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. Findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. Atypical infection is another consideration. There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified.
Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. Low lung findings. Left retrocardiac opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Cardiomegaly with XXXX right pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly. Prominent XXXX are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic XXXX blunting. No focal infiltrates.
1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination. Overall low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. This appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1. Cardiomegaly 2. Indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema, atypical infection, inflammation Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. No definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.
1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.
Surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. There is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at XXXX XXXX and XXXX postsurgical/post traumatic in XXXX. Left shoulder rotator XXXX bone anchor noted. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
There is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. Tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. No overt edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
There is cardiomegaly. Lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. There is central vascular congestion. 
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine.
Mild cardiomegaly. Basilar atelectasis. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. XXXX XXXX opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, stable. Left chest AICD leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.
No evidence of active tuberculosis. Mild cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Calcified hilar XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
No acute process. Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, stable. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size slightly enlarged. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Stable cardiomegaly without evidence of overt heart failure/pulmonary edema. Stable cardiomegaly with left-sided implanted ICD. Hilar pulmonary venous vasculature stable compared to prior examination. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusions identified. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
Borderline heart size. Elevated left diaphragm. Clear right lung. Tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. Extensive airspace disease in the left base. No large effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute findings Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted.
1. Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema, improved since the prior study. 2. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. Negative for pneumothorax. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. Mild cardiomegaly. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.
Cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerosis. 3 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but stable. Stable moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Prior sternotomy and mediastinal surgery. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Large left upper quadrant splenic calcifications noted, stable from prior.
Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. No XXXX edema. The heart is significantly enlarged. Prominent pulmonary vascularity. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified. The heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. 
1. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also XXXX streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. Stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. Stable cardiomegaly. Multiple scattered round calcific densities XXXX represent old granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal consolidation. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylosis.
Stable post-procedural chest. ICD leads in XXXX position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. Lungs hyperinflated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. No significant pleural effusion. Minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic XXXX may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural-parenchymal scarring or XXXX atelectasis. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. The arm projects over chest on the lateral view.
No evidence of active disease. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Thoracic aorta is tortuous. Patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Surgical clips are present in the left axilla. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Probable mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute failure. No focal airspace disease. . The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the XXXX study. There is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
1. XXXX left pleural effusion and associated left basilar airspace disease. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Heart size borderline enlarged for technique, tracheostomy tube tip approximately 4.7 cm above the carina. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon.
Low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings. Frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX borderline enlarged.
Interstitial pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
No acute disease. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops. The heart is enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. There is adjacent compressive atelectasis. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. The heart size is mildly enlarged. The patient is post aortic valve replacement. The XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection. Heart size is mildly enlarged. There are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
Stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. Stable appearance of previous XXXX sternotomy. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. No evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. Possible XXXX right pleural effusion. The heart is enlarged. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. XXXX right pleural thickening versus XXXX pleural effusion is noted. There is no acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax is seen. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
Left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. In the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infection/pneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. If clinical findings are discordant, a XXXX is recommended. 2 images. Heart size is enlarged, stable. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There is XXXX dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. There is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute process. Stable cardiomegaly. There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. They're stable tortuosity of the aorta. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes.
Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No pneumothorax.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered XXXX of left base scarring/atelectasis. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
No acute findings, see above. Moderate cardiomegaly. Prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. Mild central vascular congestion. No overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with XXXX XXXX bilateral effusions. Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy XXXX and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are XXXX.
Emphysema. No acute pulmonary findings. Borderline cardiac enlargement. Enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. Emphysema. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Mild spondylosis.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval development of cardiomegaly. There's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. These XXXX't contours are within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
Large pericardial effusion. There is an marked interval increase in heart size. The heart also demonstrates the XXXX XXXX configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. A small right pleural effusion the present. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pneumothorax.
1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes.
Moderate congestive cardiac failure. Moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. A large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, XXXX chronic fungal. No pneumothorax.
Borderline heart size. Aortic atherosclerosis. Small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC. NG tube has been removed. There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach. 
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
 1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity XXXX combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Stable chronic changes. No acute findings. . There is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. There are grossly intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.
Congestive heart failure with bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
Mild stable cardiomegaly. The heart is borderline size. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX at XXXX mildly enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Minimal cardiomegaly. Prominent pulmonary XXXX. Probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. No pneumonia 
Persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease. The patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart size remains large. Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. A right central line has its tip at the superior XXXX XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Stable left lung base calcifications. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Stable marked cardiomegaly. Cardiac XXXX generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a XXXX terminating in the right ventricle. No focal airspace disease. Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. The heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal CT in XXXX.
Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Elevated right diaphragm. Prominent hilar contours bilaterally. No acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion. 
Increasing cardiomegaly. No effusions. Minimal interstitial edema. 
Bony structures appear intact. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Borderline cardiomegaly. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is stable cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Defibrillator XXXX is in stable position. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is no focal airspace disease.
Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. Diaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Low volume study without definite acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
No focal lung consolidation. COPD. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with COPD. Mild cardiomegaly. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
1. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
No significant changes from prior study.. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left-sided pacemaker again noted with 1-XXXX in right atrium, another right ventricle and third in the left ventricle. These are stable. There is stable cardiomegaly.
1. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly. 2. Vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. Mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. No pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.
Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
1. There is cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. Lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. S-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. 2. Left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 3.8 XXXX XXXX splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not XXXX to be further localized or characterized on XXXX film. Vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less XXXX. 
XXXX pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasis/airspace disease. Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size XXXX large. XXXX unremarkable. No large pleural effusion.
1. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads. 2. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity over the left lung base XXXX represents a combination of prominent pericardial fat and overlying breast XXXX. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads.
1. Soft tissue neck negative. 2. Chest. Heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. Soft tissue neck. The airway is XXXX. No laryngeal edema. Laryngeal XXXX intact. Cervical spine intact. Chest. The heart is large. Diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
1. Cardiomegaly The heart size is enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.
Cardiomegaly with surgical changes of CABG, with numerous broken XXXX sternotomy XXXX and a sternotomy XXXX fragment noted XXXX in the posterior left pleural space. There has been interval performance of CABG with multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX, surgical clips, and CABG markers. All of the XXXX sternotomy XXXX are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy XXXX appears to XXXX within the left posterior pleural space. Stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. No acute bony abnormality.
Heart size mildly enlarged for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity. Status post midline sternotomy with intact XXXX XXXX. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal lung vascularity. The lungs are clear.
Stable minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No pneumonia. Minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine 
1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. XXXX right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. Left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . XXXX right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic XXXX. There is a XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is XXXX alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
Unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is XXXX but could include interstitial edema, infectious process or interstitial disease. Unchanged cardiomegaly. There is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. Unchanged vascular appearance. There is patchy retrocardiac opacity. Negative for pneumothorax.
Mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease. The heart is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear.
Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. Prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload. . Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. There is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Stable tunneled dialysis catheter. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Chest. 1. Cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. 2. No evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. KUB. 1. Nonspecific abdomen. Chest: The heart is enlarged. There may be a pericardial effusion. No definite pulmonary edema is seen. Lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. KUB XXXX: XXXX single view of the abdomen was obtained. The bowel XXXX pattern is nonspecific. There is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. No large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. The skeletal structures appear normal.
Borderline cardiomegaly. Otherwise unremarkable exam. There is borderline cardiomegaly. Mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
 AP and lateral views were obtained. Bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Postoperative changes of the chest. Stable cardiomegaly. Left-sided ICD is stable in position. XXXX XXXX sternotomy. There is stable cardiac enlargement. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified right hilar granuloma and right pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt pulmonary edema.
1. Cardiomegaly. Cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size borderline enlarged. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
XXXX onset right basal chest infection XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval XXXX removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax.
Mild interstitial edema. Stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. Sternotomy XXXX. Aortic calcifications. Mild interstitial edema. No focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly.
2 views of the chest demonstrate sternotomy XXXX and mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. Incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure. The heart is mildly enlarged and pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the left than on the right, but the lungs appear clear, with no evidence of pleural effusion. 
Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration in the left lung base. Right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Right internal jugular central line has been removed. Left subclavian line is stable. 
Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis. Borderline heart size. Worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. Small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. Elevated diaphragms.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1. Cardiomegaly with mild vascular prominence. No change. Cardiomegaly is present. This is unchanged. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
1. Cardiomegaly without failure 2. Ectatic aorta Heart size is enlarged. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX old pleural scar. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. A left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. There is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. Aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the XXXX.
Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base 
Stable cardiomegaly and XXXX of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion. There is stable cardiomegaly. Right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. Pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. Prominent interstitium is stable. No XXXX focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.
1. Widened upper mediastinal silhouette. May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. However, the setting of XXXX, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. Depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. 2. Mild cardiomegaly appears stable. No edema. No layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. 
Chronic changes without acute process Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly. Changes of chronic lung disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
Bilateral increasing consolidations, consistent with multifocal pneumonia. In the interval, consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX normal.
Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. No XXXX airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Right upper quadrant surgical clips.
1. Interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. XXXX airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Cardiomegaly. There are midline sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips consistent with prior CABG. The heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. There is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative spine changes.
Mild cardiomegaly. There are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Continued severe cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. No acute pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. 2. Improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. Stable moderate cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. Decreased left basilar airspace disease. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Borderline heart size, stable. 2. Interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. Dual-XXXX left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. The right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. There are XXXX streaky areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.
1. Bilateral airspace disease. 2. Stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. Persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. The heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary XXXX suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. There has been removal of the right-sided PICC line. There is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic XXXX blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly. Densely calcified aorta. Prominence of the pulmonary outflow and XXXX most XXXX indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. There is no overt edema. The right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and XXXX left pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 
1. Stable cardiomegaly and mild central vascular prominence. 2. XXXX right upper extremity PICC line with tip in proximal SVC. No pneumothorax. The heart is again enlarged, stable. The left subclavian ICD is unchanged position. There is a XXXX right upper extremity PICC line, the tip is partially obscured by the pacemaker XXXX. The tip appears to be in the proximal SVC. No pneumothorax is seen. There is mild central vascular prominence and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are hypoinflated without focal consolidation.
Cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation. The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with CABG, and stable mild cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Right lower lobe infiltrate. In the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. Consider followup PA and lateral chest x-XXXX in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass. Postop changes of CABG with mild cardiomegaly. There is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. Thoracic spondylosis.
Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of prior right mastectomy.
Stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. Unchanged cardiomegaly. Negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No large effusion. Mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.
1. Exam somewhat limited, costophrenic XXXX excluded. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. Clear lungs. Examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic XXXX and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. Patient is rotated to the right. Heart size upper limits normal, but stable. Mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. Lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. No large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
Stable cardiomegaly. No acute infiltrate or effusion. There is a XXXX in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No active infectious/tuberculous process. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No rib abnormalities are seen. The lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film 
1. Low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly. . Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Levocurvature of the thoracic spine. Lumbar vertebral body stabilization XXXX.
No acute findings Apical lordotic frontal view. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is mildly enlarged. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. Pulmonary artery prominence.
1. Cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. The heart is mildly enlarged. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. The mediastinum is unremarkable.
Mild cardiomegaly with XXXX of early failure. Similar mild cardiomegaly. Of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. No focal consolidations or effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis. The Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. There is no evidence of apical disease. XXXX are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. Thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
Borderline heart size. Calcified aorta. No active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. Probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia. 
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. There is cardiomegaly. The contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. The lungs appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema. Stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is stable mild cardiac enlargement. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Mild cardiomegaly. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting COPD. 2. Borderline enlarged heart. 3. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. A XXXX XXXX lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Cardiomegaly. No acute findings. The heart is enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . There is prominence of the right heart XXXX, consistent with right atrial enlargement. A XXXX density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. The cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. The mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. Mild left apical pleural thickening. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33.
Minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Fat seen within the XXXX fissure on the right. 
Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. No effusion 
1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia. Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
Probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly. The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is XXXX and left midlung airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity XXXX atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mildly enlarged heart. Tortuous aorta. Aortic calcifications. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Borderline cardiomegaly. 2. Age-indeterminate, XXXX chronic, XXXX deformity in the midthoracic spine. There are T-spine osteophytes. There calcified costochondral cartilages. There is loss of disc XXXX of a midthoracic vertebral body. There are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline enlarged.
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There is marked cardiomegaly. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder. 
Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, XXXX intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No XXXX focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
Cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings. There has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. The lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are grossly normal.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. Stable cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. . Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.
Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF. Large lung volumes as before. No acute airspace disease. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Cardiomegaly stable. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions 
Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate. The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
1. Cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. 2. No evidence of acute disease. Cardiomegaly is present. The upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
Mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. No acute infiltrate. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion is seen.
1. Vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema 2. Stable cardiomegaly 3. Low lung volumes 
Cardiomegaly. No infiltrates or effusions. Right catheter tip upper SVC. The XXXX appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. There's been no change in position of the catheter since the prior exam. 
Cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. Increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. XXXX opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No definite pleural effusion seen.
Slight cardiomegaly. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No edema or effusions. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly, tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification. . XXXX sternotomy XXXX and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. There is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Stable widening of the upper mediastinum. Stable cardiomegaly. Prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. XXXX XXXX appear intact.
1. Cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. The heart size is enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. No acute thoracic abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. 3. Probable large hiatal hernia. 4. Limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia, age-indeterminate XXXX fracture deformities. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic XXXX deformities, age-indeterminate. There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
Exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size XXXX mildly enlarged. Marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. No definite pleural effusion seen. Osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis, VP shunt tubing noted. 
Borderline cardiomegaly. No acute findings. . The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary XXXX, XXXX a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tracheostomy tube tip 6.4 cm above the carina. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is slightly large. There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. Limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. XXXX XXXX opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. The posterior sulci are clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure. Heart is mildly heart enlarged. Mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the the spine.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process. Heart size is enlarged but stable. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy XXXX.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted. The heart size is moderately enlarged. There is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are grossly intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia. The heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No infiltrates.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes. Increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified tortuous aorta. No focal air space disease. Stable chronic lung changes. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs. Status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic XXXX. Pectus carinatum. Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs.
1. Mild stable cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear no effusions or edema 
