Comparison XXXX, XXXX. XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure. Some XXXX opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour. 
1. Severe emphysema. 2. Irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. This may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. If none are available, recommend short-term XXXX in 3 to 4 months. Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. These were not XXXX available at the outside institution. Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild XXXX scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
Stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. Findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia. The left hilum is retracted superiorly. In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. Additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. No infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. Heart size is normal. These findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Focal area of XXXX scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. No acute pulmonary process. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
No comparison chest x-XXXX. Minimal lingular scarring. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal XXXX left basilar scarring/atelectasis. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Minimal left midlung atelectasis. 3. Blunting of left costophrenic XXXX. This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. 2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. XXXX atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax.
Chronic parenchymal changes XXXX reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. The XXXX are mildly prominent but stable. No acute infiltrate is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
1.Lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. Metastatic disease is possible. 2. Clear lungs The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. XXXX density in the left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. The heart and XXXX very XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. There is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. Metastatic disease cannot be excluded.
Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is stable XXXX scarring in the right upper lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Some XXXX opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasis/scarring. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Heart appears prominent. Some tortuosity thoracic aorta. Midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia. 
1. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX atelectasis. Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1. No active disease. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. This could suggest emphysematous bullae. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
Chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. There is persistent left basilar scarring. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in the left XXXX, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
Chronic changes without acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
Chronic changes as described, no acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.
Persistent cardiomegaly. Right midlung scar. No visible acute failure or pneumonia. The heart is large. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. Emphysema. Mild apical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 2. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance XXXX atelectasis/scar. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is some minimal biapical scarring. A calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. There is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. . Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . There is minimal scarring in the lung apices. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is dextrocurvature within the spine.
No lobar pneumonia is present. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. Mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. No active pneumonia. Bony structures are intact.
Minimal small area scarring of the left base. There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
Hiatal hernia as before. Scattered right upper lung scarring as before. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast XXXX is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.
1. XXXX opacities in the lingula. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. XXXX since the earlier study. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some XXXX bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. Overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Cardiac pacing leads in stable position, without evidence of acute complication. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There are 3 cardiac pacing leads in stable position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Mild XXXX left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. Strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Hyperlucent lungs, XXXX related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality.
The heart size is normal. There is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear 
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. Thin XXXX lingular scar, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Right jugular XXXX catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC. Curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. Correlate clinically. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. XXXX scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Compared to prior examination from XXXX, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
No acute pulmonary disease. There are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. Small areas of XXXX scarring are seen in the left base. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
Left-sided dual-XXXX pacemaker as expected. Possible XXXX effusions. Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is biapical scarring noted. There is slight bilateral costovertebral XXXX blunting which may indicate XXXX effusions. No pneumothorax is identified. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left-sided dual-XXXX XXXX unchanged from the comparison study with leads in expected position.
1. Left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. 2. Similar-appearing left midlung scarring. There is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Normal heart size. XXXX left perihilar and midlung densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1. Stable AICD with intact XXXX replacement. 2. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Surgical cervical XXXX is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. XXXX opacity in the left upper lobe, XXXX atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
Emphysema. Large right upper lobe XXXX. Biapical scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, XXXX large emphysematous XXXX. There are XXXX biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening Again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, XXXX a XXXX effusion or scarring. Opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, XXXX scarring. Heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. There is no vascular congestion or edema. There's no pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable XXXX bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on XXXX examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. XXXX lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
1. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No XXXX airspace disease. The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph XXXX. Stable lingular scarring. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No bony abnormality.
heart size normal. Emphysema. Biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged 
No acute findings. Biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. There are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC. Several right axillary surgical clips are noted. There are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
1. Scarring in the left midlung. 2. Cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery. There has been interval XXXX sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. Recommend follow PA and lateral radiograph XXXX XXXX or CT thorax for further evaluation. Bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable mild heart enlargement.Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. It is increased from most recent prior exam on XXXX. However, it appears similar compared to XXXX exams performed in XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Focal opacity in the left upper lobe XXXX represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
Emphysema and scarring without acute disease The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
1. COPD. Basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. No acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity XXXX due to discoid atelectasis and/or XXXX scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Biapical scarring noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
XXXX and vague opacity at the right lower lobe of uncertain significance. Could represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Borderline heart size related to recent pregnancy. Consider followup chest radiographs to show clearing. Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.
1. Chest. No change right upper lobe scar. No acute disease. 2. Lumbosacral spine. Multiple levels of advanced degenerative disc disease and XXXX arthritis. Chest. There is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at L2-L3. XXXX elements from L4 through S1 are sclerotic. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. Calcific aortic disease is present.
Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Improved lung volumes, XXXX left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Right apical scarring as before. Right midlung granuloma. No suspicious appearing nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Eventration right diaphragm. Scarring in the pulmonary apices. No acute findings. Thoracic spondylosis. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Bibasilar airspace disease. There is bibasilar airspace disease. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX unchanged XXXX scarring. No pneumothorax.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. Chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. 2. No evidence of pneumonia. TIPS shunt visualized. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
Normal heart size. XXXX scarring in the left lung base. Otherwise, clear lungs. Reconstructed right clavicle. 
1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.
1. Low lung volumes 2. Patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX suggestive of small pleural effusions. This is seen XXXX in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. Esophagogastric to the in XXXX, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
Stable chest. No evidence for recurrence or metastasis. No change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. Left parahilar scar is unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size remains normal.
Stable chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. No XXXX consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. No focal pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications.
Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
XXXX change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . There is minimal scarring within the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
No acute disease. Vague right upper/mid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. CT may be warranted given patient's history. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Mild biapical scarring is identified. There is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on XXXX of XXXX. However, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Emphysema. Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. XXXX are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.
Chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. No acute disease. Prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. . There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
Small area scarring in the right lower lung zone. There is a small area scarring lateral right mid to lower lung zone. No focal consolidation is identified. No cavitary lesions are seen. There is no pleural effusion. Mediport catheter seen in the mid SVC. The patient has a tracheostomy. The skeletal structures are normal.
1. Stable emphysematous changes. 2. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Scattered granulomas. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Near complete clearing of right midlung airspace disease. Minimal residuals from opacities remaining most XXXX represent small areas of scarring. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. Minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is identified. Implantable defibrillator is noted. Calcified granuloma is present in the left base.
1. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. 2. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. 3. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
Moderate enlargement of the heart XXXX. This shows significant interval increase in size from the remote XXXX comparison. XXXX cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. Minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring is noted in the lingula. The lungs are clear.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. . Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. There is right lower lobe scarring. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Granulomas present. No acute bony abnormalities.
Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.
1. No acute findings. 2. XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Right apical opacities; the appearance XXXX scarring. There is a cardiac pacemaker. Leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. The leads appear intact. There are XXXX left lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are mild right apical opacities, XXXX scarring. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities with scarring; no acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. XXXX lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
1. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis, not significantly XXXX from prior. 2. Left-sided medication injection XXXX has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction. . Left-sided medication injection XXXX has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. The trachea is midline. Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. No evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. No large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. The overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. The heart size is normal.
Bullous disease and upper lobe scars. Decreasing right upper lobe cavity. The cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates in the lower lobes. Heart size remains normal.
1. No acute findings. 2. Emphysema. 3. Scattered XXXX of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered XXXX bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered XXXX of left base scarring/atelectasis. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. Right middle lobe scarring as before. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. No gross interval change from XXXX. . The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the XXXX, similar to the prior study. There are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. There is no evidence of XXXX, focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.
Heart size within normal limits. Dense mitral annular calcification. Tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. No edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated. There is left basilar scarring. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Comparison XXXX, XXXX Bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar XXXX scarring as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is again biapical scarring. Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.
Chronic changes of emphysema. No acute findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema. Calcified granulomas noted. XXXX symmetric apical scarring. The diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat XXXX shaped. The cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No acute preoperative process. The cardiac contours are normal. XXXX scarring left base. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
Compared to XXXX, there is a XXXX left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated XXXX of XXXX. There is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the abdomen. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is tortuosity the thoracic aorta. There is evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Chronic interstitial markings XXXX represents the sequela of emphysema. There is scarring in the lingula. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The left chest wall pacemaker device with dual intracardiac leads is again noted.
Chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest XXXX with the tip in the superior XXXX XXXX. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
Stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Severe emphysematous disease is again noted. Multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
1. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward XXXX deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Minimal XXXX scarring in both lower lobes. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
1. Low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. Otherwise, no acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
Heart size is within normal limits. No edema. Bandlike scarring in the right base. No pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. Multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. Could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela. 
1. XXXX opacities in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few XXXX opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. Minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. 2. No acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
Chest radiograph. Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. The left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. No acute bony findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are normal. Unchanged XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX scarring. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Stable appearance of the chest There is a stable closure device projected over the heart. The heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. There is stable XXXX scarring of left mid lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate is seen.
1. Interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. 2. Hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. Compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. 2. Probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. 3. Opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or CT thorax to document resolution. There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Minimal left basilar opacity most XXXX representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator XXXX repair on the right.
No acute findings Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. XXXX scar in the right lateral midlung. Adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. Chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic XXXX. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.
COPD and small left basilar scar. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. A small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX region. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Mild left-sided scarring/subsegmental atelectasis. No definite infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. Streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region XXXX reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
XXXX opacity in left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Stable scarring in the right lung apex.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable appearance of the left upper lobe. Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable left lower lobe scarring. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
1. Stable aneurysmal enlargement of the XXXX and descending aorta. Chest CTA could be obtained as a XXXX. 2. Borderline heart size. 3. No acute pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Tortuous ectatic aorta. The aortic XXXX is near 5 cm in diameter. There is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. There is biapical scarring. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylitic changes.
Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate. The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. Stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is stable XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. The heart size is near the upper limits of normal. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX T-spine osteophytes are noted.
1. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. Unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable.
Apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable. Apparent scarring within the lingula. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1. Left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. XXXX left upper lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are XXXX left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits.
1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No change. No active disease. The parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
Stable exam with no acute abnormality seen. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Stable right lung base scarring.
COPD and probable right basilar scarring. No acute pulmonary disease identified. There is hyperinflation. There is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
