1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.
Bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present. Heart size normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal. Shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to XXXX.
Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. Low volume study without definite acute process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum, consider repeat CXR XXXX if any concern for vascular process. Technically limited study secondary to patient XXXX. Decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Lung volumes remain low. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
Low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. There is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. There are low lung volumes. The heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is minimal right basilar atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures appear intact.
Low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region XXXX related to history of bronchitis. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. There is mild increase in perihilar markings XXXX related to patient's history bronchitis. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs clear. Heart size normal. Stable severe L1 XXXX deformity.
1. Limited low lung volume exam. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1. Vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. This may be calcification. 2. Minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base. Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. These contours are normal.
Low lung volumes with right base airspace disease. Heart size upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Low lung volumes on the AP view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. No focal consolidation is seen.
Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal XXXX left basilar scarring/atelectasis. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the angulate. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. XXXX XXXX right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. No residual pneumothorax. 2. Small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. . XXXX XXXX right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. No definite residual pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes. No large pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. Small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis. Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation. There is pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is prominent right anterior first rib end.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is XXXX within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an AP portable technique. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Age-indeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib, if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. Very low lung volumes, central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips. Evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. No pleural line of pneumothorax. 
1. Low lung volumes with mild crowding. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. Lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1. No evidence of active disease. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. XXXX scoliosis is unchanged. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
1. Borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence for active TB. Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease. Calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. There are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Heart size is within normal limits. Normal mediastinal contours. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The osseous structures are grossly intact.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. with XXXX opacities in the lung bases, XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
1. Low lung volumes 2. Exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm 3. Lungs appear grossly clear. No evidence of pneumonia. 4. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal 5. Pleural spaces are clear 6. Mediastinal contours appear normal 7. No acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam 
1. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. 2. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right. . The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and XXXX the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, XXXX remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is normal in size and contour. The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. Heart size is within normal limits for AP technique. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate. No visible pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
Mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease most XXXX representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes. Overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. This most XXXX represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
No acute disease. Retrocardiac density XXXX corresponding to known hiatal hernia. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. There is retrocardiac density which XXXX corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen.
1. Suspected cardiomegaly, less XXXX pericardial effusion. Prior comparison studies would be helpful. 2. Low lung volumes. No evidence of focal airspace disease. . The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. Findings are XXXX accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less XXXX, pericardial effusion is suspected. The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patient appears morbidly obese.
Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. The lung volumes.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.&gt;] Lung volumes are low. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib XXXX represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
Decreasing lung volumes. Probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
Low lung volume exam. Otherwise, no acute findings. . Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. Heart is XXXX within normal limits for low lung volumes and AP technique. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Clear lungs. Low lung volumes. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, XXXX normal heart size. Negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . The trachea is midline. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. Low lung volumes XXXX XXXX atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. XXXX of left base atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered XXXX of left base atelectasis are noted. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
1. Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Fractured XXXX sternotomy XXXX, without evidence of complication. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. The most caudal XXXX sternotomy XXXX is fractured. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. Right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. The cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote XXXX.
1. Probable XXXX residual left pneumothorax. 2. Stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. There are persistent low lung volumes. There is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. Probable XXXX residual left pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal contour. Left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the XXXX chest comparison.
Hypoinflation with no visible active XXXX pulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal.
Mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. There is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
Exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. Lung volumes are decreased. No evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is stable. 
Low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Lung volumes are mildly low. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. No consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no XXXX deformity.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal opacities. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
1. Very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. . There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. There is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. The streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. No definite infectious infiltrate is seen. There is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. . Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified bilateral hilar lymph XXXX, greater on the left. No acute osseous findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. Mildly low lung volumes. No significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size is persistently enlarged. Lung volumes are low. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
1. Hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. 2. Mild mediastinal prominence XXXX related to superimposed XXXX and mediastinal fat. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and XXXX reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. 
Low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. Followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. Heart size within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Low lung volumes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
No acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate is seen.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. Increased XXXX opacities on lateral projection XXXX reflect bronchovascular crowding. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Low lung volumes. There is marked cardiomegaly. There is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings are XXXX due to low lung volumes. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.
Stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease. Mildly low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. Persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. Low lung volumes. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality.
Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. Reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most XXXX representing chronic inflammatory change. Also some peripheral XXXX fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. No XXXX acute airspace consolidation. Stable mediastinal contour. 
1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.
Lordotic film. Low lung volumes. Heart size within normal limits for this projection. Lower thoracic spine fusion. Small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. This may be projectional followup films may be helpful. 
1. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Platelike right midlung atelectasis. . There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. No focal opacity. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
1. Right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. 2. Low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis. . Right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. Low lung volumes. No pleural effusion. Left lower lobe airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with XXXX goiter. Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
No evidence of active disease. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery. 
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes noted. The heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces.
1. Low lung volumes. 2. XXXX XXXX opacities. Right base appears to represent atelectasis. Left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. The appearance of the right base opacity XXXX atelectasis. The left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1. Decreased lung volumes. Bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral XXXX XXXX be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral XXXX.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the XXXX of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs appear clear. Lung volumes are low. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear.
Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. No overt edema. Question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. No visible pneumothorax. 
Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
Mild heart failure versus volume overload. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There low lung volumes. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. Bibasilar airspace disease is also present. Probable XXXX left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
1. Findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. High resolution XXXX is recommended to confirm this. Prior XXXX from XXXX reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease. There is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. Lung volumes are low. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. Heart size appears normal. The thoracic aorta is calcified. Since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. There's no pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. There are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. Clinical correlation is recommended. Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
Status post mediastinal surgery. Cardiomegaly. Atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. Lung volumes are reduced. Suspicion for at XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. This radiograph was XXXX available for my interpretation at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
Low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly. Minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate. 
Continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacity is present in the right middle lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
Low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
1. Chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Abdomen. Negative. No mechanical obstruction. Chest. Lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Abdomen. Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. Formed stool is present in the rectum.
Mild hypoinflation without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. Postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast.
Low lung volumes with crowding. Mild left base atelectasis. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal XXXX XXXX secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
Lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes.
Bandlike opacities in the right lung. Appearance XXXX atelectasis. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. Stable cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
Cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. Patient is rotated. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. This is identified on a thoracic XXXX study from XXXX as well. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. It would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. IMPRESSION: Exam: CHEST 2V FRONTAL/LATERAL Date: XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM Comparison: CT chest XXXX History: Shortness of breath FINDINGS: The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. IMPRESSION: Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
Low lung volumes. No acute abnormality There is a right-sided chest XXXX identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC. Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are grossly clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Low lung volumes 2. Patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX suggestive of small pleural effusions. This is seen XXXX in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. Esophagogastric to the in XXXX, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed. 
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. 2. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia. The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
Low lung volumes with no definite acute findings. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. Heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
There are low lung volumes with central vascular congestion and lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Compared to XXXX, there is a stable appearing defibrillator and cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX and spine. 
Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. Borderline cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
1. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. Low lung findings. Left retrocardiac opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Cardiomegaly with XXXX right pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly. Prominent XXXX are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic XXXX blunting. No focal infiltrates.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest. The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination. Overall low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. This appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
XXXX. XXXX patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. Lung volumes are low. In the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Mild cardiomegaly. Basilar atelectasis. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. XXXX XXXX opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, stable. Left chest AICD leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.
1. Patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. Small right pleural effusion. . Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion.
Mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs. . Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for AP technique. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are no acute bony findings.
No acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. Significant degenerative changes of the XXXX are again noted bilaterally.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, XXXX combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions. There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
Low lung volumes with mild, XXXX left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, XXXX opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic XXXX, XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted, XXXX corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylosis.
Mild bilateral streaky opacities, XXXX atelectasis. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, XXXX chronic atelectasis.
1. Technically limited exam. 2. Low lung volumes with XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. . Evaluation is limited by body habitus and AP technique. Enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and XXXX film. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Cardiac XXXX generator leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. Two XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.
Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Heart size borderline enlarged for technique, tracheostomy tube tip approximately 4.7 cm above the carina. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon.
Low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings. Frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX borderline enlarged.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Low lung volumes. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes. Normal heart size. The trachea is midline. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes.
Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from XXXX. . There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is XXXX visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from XXXX. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation. The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear.
Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
No pulmonary nodules. Negative chest. Heart size within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are is somewhat low. Both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary nodules visualized.
Persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size XXXX within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, XXXX atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
Scattered XXXX opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. There is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
1. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. 2. Low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. 3. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. Comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. . Heart size within normal limits. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. Mild streaky bibasilar opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. No overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. Visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits. 
Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.
Congestive heart failure with bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. There is no pleural effusion.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX at XXXX mildly enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lower lung volumes on the AP projection. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Implantable cardiac XXXX are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted.
 The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion. There is no large pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Pression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. Right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
1. Low volume study without definite acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Left humeral head bone anchors.
Minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. Low lung volumes. No noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No small heart size. There is a right diaphragmatic hump. The soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX, could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are slightly on the low side. Lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
Low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX hypoventilatory changes. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
Bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe XXXX airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. High-resolution XXXX would be recommended to evaluate these findings 2. No evidence of acute pneumonia XXXX opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse XXXX compared to prior study. Lung volumes are low. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. There calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
Chronic interstitial and bullous disease. No acute findings. Lung volumes are low. Prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. Bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. No pleural air collections. Heart size normal.
Stable left chest, XXXX-XXXX, cardiac pacemaker seen, sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes. Streaky opacities at the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis, unchanged. The visualized thoracic XXXX are unremarkable. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the left glenohumeral joint. Please
1. Low volume study without acute process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Mild hypoinflation without acute disease. 2. Retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Technically limited exam. 3. Incidental note XXXX of large cervical spine osteophytes. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. The lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. Large cervical spine osteophytes.
Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. Otherwise, no acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
The lungs are hypoinflated. There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. There is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. 
Streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis and/or infection. Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. There are streaky left basal opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. No free air is demonstrated.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Calcified right paratracheal lymph XXXX are seen. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion.
XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Unremarkable examination of the chest. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes.
Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Overall no significant interval change. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size borderline enlarged. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
No acute abnormality identified. There are lower lung volumes. There is central bronchovascular crowding. Volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on XXXX is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. No lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
No acute pulmonary disease. Lung volumes are decreased from XXXX, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. No evidence of focal airspace disease. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Low lung volumes. XXXX normal heart size. No pneumothorax. No large effusion. No focal infiltrate.
Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX normal. An indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior XXXX XXXX.
Interval removal of XXXX stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Compared to prior examination, XXXX stent has been removed. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. Stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. There are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen.
Low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, XXXX infectious etiology. The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal XXXX. The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. Stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
No acute abnormality. AP view was obtained due to patient condition. Low volume lungs. No focal lung consolidation. The heart is not enlarged. No pleural effusion.
Right lower lobe airspace disease. . Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. Aspiration or edema are also possible but less XXXX. 2. XXXX lung volumes 3. No pneumothorax 
1. Low lung volumes 2. Lungs appear clear 3. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal 4. Pleural spaces are clear 
1. Stable cardiomegaly and mild central vascular prominence. 2. XXXX right upper extremity PICC line with tip in proximal SVC. No pneumothorax. The heart is again enlarged, stable. The left subclavian ICD is unchanged position. There is a XXXX right upper extremity PICC line, the tip is partially obscured by the pacemaker XXXX. The tip appears to be in the proximal SVC. No pneumothorax is seen. There is mild central vascular prominence and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are hypoinflated without focal consolidation.
1. Low lung volume study, no acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is mild calcification of the aortic XXXX, consistent with atherosclerosis. The lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
Stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. No XXXX focal alveolar opacities. Low lung volumes. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
Generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. Question concomitant left basilar opacity, may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. Question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized lung volumes. No definite pleural effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1. Moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. 2. Bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. 3. Interval vertebral body XXXX deformity in the lumbar spine since XXXX. . Normal heart size. Bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. No significant pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes. Exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. Multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. Interval XXXX deformity of the vertebral body XXXX XXXX the level of the two vertebroplasty XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There are mildly diminished lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
No acute abnormality demonstrated. There are low lung volumes. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. There is no pneumothorax.
1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
1. Low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
No acute disease AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal size. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No focal consolidation is seen.
Question left atrial enlargement, XXXX appreciated on lateral view. Clear lungs. Rotated with low lung volumes. Question left atrial enlargement, XXXX appreciated on lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.
Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
1. Concern for left subphrenic free air. Verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. 2. Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Left central venous catheter in unchanged position. 4. Interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the XXXX-of-view. There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the XXXX-of-view.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. There is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Hypoinflation without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. The aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
Cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. A XXXX XXXX lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. No pleural line of pneumothorax.
Stable right-sided cardiac XXXX generator. Interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized low lung volumes. Bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities, XXXX atelectatic changes. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. . 
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung lines remain low. However, no focal infiltrates are identified. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia. Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
1. Bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most XXXX representing acute infectious process. 2. Widening of the mediastinum, XXXX secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy. Right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. No visualized pneumothorax. Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
Moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Dual-lumen right IJ catheter is identified without pneumothorax. The lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar XXXX opacities XXXX adjacent atelectasis. There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
No acute findings. . Cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for AP technique. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
1. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. . There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. Low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No acute abnormality. There are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No displaced fracture identified.
1. Vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema 2. Stable cardiomegaly 3. Low lung volumes 
No acute abnormality. Low volumes XXXX XXXX for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. If there are any questions about this examination please XXXX. XXXX XXXX, XXXX certified radiologist, at XXXX. . There are low lung volumes. There is bronchovascular crowding. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.
In view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of XXXX acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. PICC line catheter tip XXXX in the right atrium. Heart is not enlarged. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. Lungs are mildly under expanded. No pneumothorax. There are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung XXXX. There is a larger area of XXXX patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process. The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
Bibasilar atelectasis. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
Exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size XXXX mildly enlarged. Marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. No definite pleural effusion seen. Osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis, VP shunt tubing noted. 
1. Increased bilateral interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with mild interstitial edema. Low lung volumes are noted. Allowing for technical factors the heart size is XXXX normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1. Left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. This low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease.
1. Low lung volumes. 2. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is slightly large. There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. No active infiltrate. 2. Marked enlargement of the XXXX bilaterally, increased since the prior XXXX, XXXX adenopathy. 3. Underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are underinflated, but XXXX given the underinflation, the XXXX appear enlarged, more XXXX than on the exam and XXXX. Osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. Mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. A right-sided chest XXXX is present with its tip in the upper SVC.
1. Mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. 2. Mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion. XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. Mitral valve replacement seen. Low lung volumes. The interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. There is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
No evidence of active disease. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
XXXX change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures grossly intact.
Anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. No effusions or CHF identified. A few scant reticular opacities in right lung base XXXX hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Postoperative chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural air collections. Sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. Heart size normal.
1. Mild stable cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered XXXX opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
