No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size. Clear, hyperaerated lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. XXXX substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. A tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. The lungs now appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
Stable emphysematous lung changes. No acute abnormality seen. Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease.
No acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. There is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. The lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Severe emphysema. 2. Irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. This may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. If none are available, recommend short-term XXXX in 3 to 4 months. Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. These were not XXXX available at the outside institution. Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild XXXX scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Emphysematous changes in the lungs. . The lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size normal. No mass or focal opacities seen. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Emphysema. The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. There is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. No lobar consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
Hyperinflated lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear and hyperinflated. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
1. Emphysematous changes. 2. Resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate. Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Previous lower spine cervical fusion. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease. There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Emphysema. 3. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic XXXX calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality.
Findings of COPD with no acute changes. Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. The eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
There is XXXX peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. These can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. There is no lobar pneumonia. Lungs are mildly hyperinflated. 
1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
XXXX left upper lobe infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. Possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. There is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are normal.
Circumscribed structure in the AP XXXX could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality XXXX as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. As prior chest x-XXXX are not available online at this XXXX should be considered. Normal heart size. There is a round density in the AP XXXX. XXXX study performed in XXXX is not available for review at this time. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
Hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear. Normal heart size. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Left nipple silhouette visualized. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Heart is mildly enlarged stable. Mediastinal contour is normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1. Overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. Prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. This appearance is overall not significantly XXXX. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. No nodules masses or effusions 
1. Lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. Contrast-enhanced XXXX examination would XXXX to further evaluate if clinically indicated. 2. Mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. A lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. These may be explained by overlapping structures, XXXX chest would be useful for further evaluation. 2. Emphysematous changes. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. There is haziness in the right lung apex. There is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. This may represent a vessel on end. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. Scattered granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1. Findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. XXXX chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Mild increased lung markings XXXX due to chronic changes. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
1. Emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size slightly upper normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. XXXX chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral XXXX fracture.
Chronic changes as described, no acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. The lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. There is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. The bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a XXXX right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. No acute bony abnormality identified.
Hyperexpanded lung XXXX compatible with COPD. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Question large pulmonary arteries. Lung XXXX are hyperexpanded. Prominent substernal air space. Aortic calcifications. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality Heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No XXXX consolidations. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Lungs are hyperinflated.
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
Emphysema. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. No superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
1. Hyperexpanded lung XXXX. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips overlying. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the XXXX aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
Emphysema. Recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs. There is hyperexpansion. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the XXXX CT. No focal infiltrates
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. No XXXX infiltrates noted.
Mild hyperinflation. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild hyperinflation. Limited exam as the left costophrenic XXXX is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
No cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Right apical pleural retraction. Hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased AP diameter consistent with history of COPD. Degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are stable fractures of several XXXX XXXX. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
Chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. Heart size within normal limits. Bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
Moderately hyperinflated lung XXXX, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with COPD and unchanged. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic XXXX seen. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. Cardiomegaly. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.
COPD. No acute abnormality. The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal lung consolidation. No pleural effusion. No definite pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. Postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and XXXX XXXX.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. There is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. No acute bony abnormality. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
Findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Borderline heart size. The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
Mild emphysema. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperexpanded lungs. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
Lungs are hyper expanded consistent with COPD. No parenchymal infiltrates. No XXXX of pleural effusions. Normal heart size. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged. 
COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. There is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1. Pulmonary vascular congestion versus chronic fibrotic changes. 2. Cardiomegaly. 3. Senescent changes. There is hyperinflation lungs. There appears to be fibrosis or central pulmonary vascular congestion more pronounced on the left in the right. Heart is mildly enlarged. There no pleural effusions. Cardiac pacemaker seen. The skeletal structures show senescent changes.
Hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasia/tortuosity. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury. 
1. Cardiac defibrillator. Leads appear intact. 2. No pneumothorax identified. 3. XXXX XXXX opacities. Findings may reflect atelectasis and/or mild fibrotic change. There is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. Leads overlie the right atrium, right ventricle, and left lateral coronary vein. The leads appear intact. Heart size is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. There is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Emphysema without infiltrates. An AICD is seen within the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Multiple surgical clips are seen within the upper midabdomen. The heart size is normal. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. Otherwise the mediastinum appears unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Mild lung hyperinflation. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. Clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. No XXXX consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. No edema. Couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease. 
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. However, given the presence of small nodules on the XXXX chest CT scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with XXXX scan (unless already recently performed). There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Emphysematous changes 3. Retained contrast within the renal collecting XXXX. There is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Contrast retained within the renal collecting XXXX.
Emphysema. Large right upper lobe XXXX. Biapical scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, XXXX large emphysematous XXXX. There are XXXX biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Mild hyperexpansion. No acute process. Flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. No pneumothorax or effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable chronic lung disease. . Heart size is unchanged. Aortic calcification is noted. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. There are unchanged XXXX opacities throughout the lungs which XXXX represent scarring. Lungs are hyperexpanded.
Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Incidental note is XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are no acute bony findings.
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
COPD. There is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are bilateral breast prostheses.
Hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. Left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior XXXX. XXXX opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. Stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. No acute airspace disease or CHF. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with COPD. Heart size is stable with elongation and atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. A prosthetic aortic valve is noted. XXXX pleural reaction on the right cannot be excluded. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate or pneumothorax. Dual-XXXX pacemaker is present with leads in stable position. Osteoporosis and mild degenerative changes of the XXXX spine are noted with no evidence of XXXX fracture. 
Emphysema and scarring without acute disease The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
Hyperinflated but clear lungs. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal XXXX identified.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in XXXX, XXXX confluence of vascular shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs are clear. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
1. Moderate hyperinflation of the lungs. 2. Dilated pulmonary arteries. This may reflect pulmonary hypertension. Normal heart size. Dilated pulmonary arteries. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. Decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. There is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. There is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Biapical scarring noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1. Severe hyperinflation. 2. Stable left calcified hilar lymph XXXX. The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. The left hilar calcified lymph XXXX appear stable. There is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule XXXX representing a granuloma. The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
1. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. 2. Question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. Overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
XXXX of COPD and interstitial lung disease. No definite pneumonia. There does appear to be progression of changes since XXXX. There your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. Hyperinflation is present. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no evidence for pleural effusion. The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinum is normal. There are arthritic changes of the spine.
1. Left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. This may be secondary to inhalational injury. Recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. The heart is within normal limits in size. Surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. The lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. There is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
1. Emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. The lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased AP diameter of the chest. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild hyperinflation is noted. There are granulomatous sequela. No acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. The costophrenic XXXX are excluded.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
No acute abnormality. . Heart size is normal. Mild lung hyperexpansion. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Lungs appear hyperinflated. This may be secondary to XXXX voluntary XXXX considering patient's age. Clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. No focal pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications.
Lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. No acute airspace abnormality seen. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Exaggerated kyphosis.
1. Tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. 2. Ill-defined 2.5 cm x 1.9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, XXXX lower lobe. This is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. Although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation XXXX chest is recommended. A message was left with doctor XXXX' service at 142 pm XXXX/11. 3. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. 4. Osteopenia. Minimal loss of XXXX of an upper thoracic vertebra. 5. Irregular 1.8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 XXXX callus with XXXX similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. 6. Heart size normal. 
Stable appearing hyperinflated chest. Postop changes mediastinum as before. No suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, XXXX focal atelectasis and scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No acute pulmonary findings. Thoracic spondylosis.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
XXXX change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
Mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
XXXX change COPD. No acute findings. Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
Right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. There is increased right upper lobe opacities XXXX compared to the prior study. This could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. There is stable cavity in the right apex, XXXX related to prior tuberculosis infection. There is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. There is pulmonary hyperexpansion. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures.
Findings suggestive of emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute findings Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted.
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. . There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
COPD. No acute disease. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
1. Stable emphysematous changes. 2. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Scattered granulomas. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No acute pulmonary process. Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Mediastinal contour normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
Stable post-procedural chest. ICD leads in XXXX position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. Lungs hyperinflated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. No significant pleural effusion. Minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic XXXX may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural-parenchymal scarring or XXXX atelectasis. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. The arm projects over chest on the lateral view.
Changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation of the lungs. Mild pectus excavatum deformity. Stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
Findings of COPD. No acute findings. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Lung hyperexpansion. No focal air space disease. The lungs are hyperexpanded. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
1. No acute findings. 2. Emphysema. 3. Scattered XXXX of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered XXXX bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size normal. Hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. Most XXXX represents XXXX's lung. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen 
Appearance suggests emphysema. Apical capping, slightly greater at the left. Recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-XXXX films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in XXXX. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. Granulomas. Small sized heart. Minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. XXXX unremarkable.
Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. No gross interval change from XXXX. . The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the XXXX, similar to the prior study. There are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. There is no evidence of XXXX, focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.
Hyperinflation consistent with COPD. No acute pulmonary disease identified. The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
Heart size within normal limits. Dense mitral annular calcification. Tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. No edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated. There is left basilar scarring. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate. Mild hyperinflation. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with XXXX left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure. 
Chronic changes of emphysema. No acute findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
Chronic lung changes without acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Minimal XXXX densities, left lung base. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. Pectus carinatum. 3. No evidence of acute disease. The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Pectus carinatum is noted. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma are noted. Vascular calcification is noted.
1. Emphysema. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
XXXX change. COPD with no acute disease. Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. No change calcified left hilar XXXX and left small granuloma.
No focal lung consolidation. COPD. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with COPD. Mild cardiomegaly. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The pattern suggests emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease. The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma is identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A calcific density in the left midlung zone XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Emphysema. 3. Stable biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest XXXX with the tip in the superior XXXX XXXX. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine..
1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural or mediastinal air collections. Heart size normal.
Emphysema, however no acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Minimal XXXX scarring in both lower lobes. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Chest radiograph. Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality.
1. Pulmonary emphysema. 2. Large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 3. No suspicious nodules or are identified. The heart is not enlarged. The bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. The lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-XXXX. The heart size is normal. There is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. No acute bony abnormalities. No effusion or infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
Clear lungs. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. There are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous XXXX/CT. Findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
COPD and old granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation. Calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum XXXX a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the PA projection. The heart is normal. Arthritic changes the spine are seen.
No focal lung consolidation. COPD. No displaced fractures. There is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with COPD. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. No displaced rib fractures.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Emphysema and atherosclerosis. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Chest 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Abdomen 1. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction. Chest. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. The right lung base is excluded from view. No visualized consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is unremarkable. Abdomen. There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. There is extensive stool XXXX seen throughout the descending colon. Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. There is bilateral hip degenerative change.
Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX. Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.
Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate is seen.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. 2. Patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. May represent pneumonia. Followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. A 4 to 6 XXXX post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities. The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. Degenerative changes are present spine.
1. Interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. 2. Hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. Compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Numerous bilateral rib deformities. No focal airspace disease. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or effusion. Large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
No acute abnormality. . Sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Borderline heart size. Aortic calcification noted. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX unchanged. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
XXXX change COPD with no acute findings. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. XXXX right apical nodule. Further evaluation XXXX chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. 3.Chronic findings as discussed below. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. There is a XXXX 10 XXXX nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Scattered XXXX densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. Chronic blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. Healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
Left PICC line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and SVC; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. There is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. Large lung volumes with widened AP diameter of the chest, XXXX due to COPD; recommend clinical correlation. Diffuse XXXX bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. No evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusion/pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the XXXX joints. Osteopenia. Degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region. 
1. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting COPD. 2. Borderline enlarged heart. 3. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. Small T-spine osteophytes. There is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
No acute findings. Hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. Normal heart size. Increased retrosternal airspace. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . There is prominence of the right heart XXXX, consistent with right atrial enlargement. A XXXX density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. The cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. The mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. Mild left apical pleural thickening. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33.
COPD and small left basilar scar. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. A small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX region. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. There is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Scattered calcified granulomas. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the XXXX-of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, XXXX appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. Prior anterior cervical fusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF. Large lung volumes as before. No acute airspace disease. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are clear, hyperinflated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
No acute abnormality demonstrated. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
No evidence of metastatic disease. . Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. XXXX opacity in the left XXXX XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is hyperinflation. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip XXXX within left subclavian vein. Findings communicated XXXX primordial. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle XXXX within the subclavian vein. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. Deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, XXXX old injury.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
Heart size normal. Over expanded lungs. Aortic valve prosthesis. Calcified right hilar lymph node. Stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. The patient has XXXX right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans. From XXXX. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . There is mild hyperinflation. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. cardiac XXXX generator overlies the left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX Hyperexpansion and changes of COPD as before. Calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. Lungs are overall clear. Mediastinal contour stable. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous examination.. 
COPD and probable right basilar scarring. No acute pulmonary disease identified. There is hyperinflation. There is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Stable changes of COPD. There is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is hyperexpansion. No XXXX infiltrates. Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. Small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
Hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most XXXX representing mild chronic inflammatory change. Stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. There is no opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
