1. Increased opacity in the right upper lobe with XXXX associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. Recommend chest CT for further evaluation. 2. XXXX opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. There is XXXX increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Retrocardiac soft tissue density. The appearance suggests hiatal hernia. 2. XXXX left base bandlike opacity. The appearance suggests atelectasis. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. Vascular calcification is noted. Calcified granuloma is seen. There has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. This may represent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Osteopenia is present in the spine.
1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.
Bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX. XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure. Some XXXX opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour. 
Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. Vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia. Right XXXX-A-XXXX is in XXXX. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Some prominent perihilar opacities are present. Some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. These are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No acute findings. There are minimal XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Cardiac defibrillator XXXX overlies the right ventricle. The XXXX appears intact. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Left base atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. . There is minimal XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Correlate clinically. There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. The left lung is clear. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. There is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Heart size is enlarged. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
Small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. 
1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring and/or granulomas. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. There is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. XXXX opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on PA view are artifactual. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. XXXX right cervical rib.
1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Emphysema. 3. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic XXXX calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. Visualized vertebral body XXXX are grossly intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. These may represent XXXX on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. This may represent pleural based process. The exact XXXX is unclear. Followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear.
Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities XXXX represent interstitial edema. Cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal limits. Increased interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
Left upper lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 8-12 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. This may be calcification. 2. Minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base. Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. These contours are normal.
1. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 2. Right middle lobe infiltrate. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear left lung XXXX. Right middle lobe with increased opacities, XXXX representative of infiltrate.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Small right pleural effusion. No change. 3. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 4. Improvement in right lung airspace disease. The central venous line has been removed. An inflammatory defibrillator is noted. The heart is enlarged. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. No pneumothorax is seen. There has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. Some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.
Vagal nerve stimulator overlying the left chest. Minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. . There is a vagal nerve stimulator with XXXX overlying the left chest. XXXX appears intact without fracture. There is a XXXX opacity within the right lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process. Minimally increased XXXX airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Heart size is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of XXXX. Followup chest x-XXXX is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document XXXX. The heart is not enlarged. The central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. Lungs are otherwise well aerated.
Apical lordotic frontal projection. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with fullness of the left atrial appendage and XXXX pulmonary outflow. Mild aortic calcifications. Hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. XXXX opacities in the lingula may be compatible scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
XXXX left upper lobe infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. Possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
Asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. Upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. Recommend XXXX XXXX chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. Findings and recommendations were discussed XXXX. XXXX in the XXXX department at XXXX a.m. XXXX/XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of active TB. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified XXXX opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.
1. Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. 2. Stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. Redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. There are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis. Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
Vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. This may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history. Vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. Question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. Atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Age-indeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib, if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. Very low lung volumes, central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips. Evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. No pleural line of pneumothorax. 
Mild, nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. This may represent an early pneumonia. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
1. Cardiac XXXX in stable position. 2. Increase in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis. Left-sided dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX in stable position. The heart is of normal size. Interval decrease and left basilar opacity. Increase in XXXX opacities in the right lung base. No pneumothorax or large effusion. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Calcification of the thoracic aorta.
Minimal XXXX patchy airspace disease within the lingula, may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. The lungs are well aerated. There is minimal patchy and XXXX air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
Ill-defined opacity projects in right suprahilar region on PA view,, which XXXX corresponds with anterior chest wall mass seen on XXXX scan from XXXX, XXXX. Lungs per XXXX appear well expanded and clear. No pleural effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. 
Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right. The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the SVC. Stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Right-sided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 1.8 cm from the the right apex. Stable postsurgical changes left axilla. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Stable streaky opacities right base. XXXX opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent XXXX for comparison. 
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. with XXXX opacities in the lung bases, XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
Bibasilar atelectasis. No pneumonia. . There are XXXX opacities within both lung bases, XXXX representing atelectasis. Heart size is upper limits of normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumothorax.
Some XXXX opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasis/scarring. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Heart appears prominent. Some tortuosity thoracic aorta. Midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia. 
1. Possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. Consider CT for further evaluation, if clinically indicated. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
1. Mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis. Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence of the mediastinum. Bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1. Improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. 2. Decreasing right pleural effusion. There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality.
1. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX atelectasis. Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, XXXX representing pneumonia.. Followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. There is also XXXX patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, XXXX evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions.
1. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. These may be explained by overlapping structures, XXXX chest would be useful for further evaluation. 2. Emphysematous changes. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. There is haziness in the right lung apex. There is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. This may represent a vessel on end. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis. Lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
Stable cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Left basilar airspace opacity XXXX secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. DISH of the thoracic spine is noted. Otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
1. Ill-defined opacity in the lingula. Increased since the previous study. May represent increased atelectasis or scarring. The heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. This is increased since the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. There is mild streakiness in the right base. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Calcified granulomatous disease noted. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in the left XXXX, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
1. Large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. Airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. Possible apical cavitation. Tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. There is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. There is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. Within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. At the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. This could indicate cavitation. Left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. No convincing acute bony findings.
1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. XXXX chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral XXXX fracture.
Chronic changes without acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
1. Left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. Interval followup to resolution is recommended. Heart size appears upper limits of normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise normal mediastinum. Confluent and XXXX opacities seen within the left base. There are no visible nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. 2. Mild bibasilar atelectasis and/or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. . There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are XXXX XXXX pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Right perihilar opacities. No pneumothorax identified.
Chronic changes as described, no acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacity in left midlung. The lungs are clear.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Diffuse interstitial opacities. Bony structures appear intact. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
Persistent cardiomegaly. Right midlung scar. No visible acute failure or pneumonia. The heart is large. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tortuous aorta. Prominent hilar contours. Worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. A pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. A followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. If this area does not resolve, further characterization with XXXX may be warranted. 
1. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator, right atrial and right ventricular leads. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left greater than right, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.
Few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. These small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. Comparison with an XXXX chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability. There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, XXXX seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 2. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance XXXX atelectasis/scar. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral XXXX opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. 2. Ill-defined XXXX right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. Further imaging XXXX of the chest may be indicated. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Right chest XXXX tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. Vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, XXXX from prior study. These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. The left lung appears grossly clear. Drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
Lines and tubes as above. Moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. There are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. Heart size is normal. Left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX opacity in the lung bases. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There are no acute bony findings.
Heart size normal. Stable mediastinal silhouette. No lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild increased reticular interstitial opacity. Increased interstitial opacities non-specific. Question edema or atypical infection?
1. Very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. . There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. There is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. The streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. No definite infectious infiltrate is seen. There is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
1. Right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic XXXX on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, and/or consolidation. 2. Interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate. There is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic XXXX seen on lateral view. In addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. This may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. There is no pneumothorax. The XXXX lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. . Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
After further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity XXXX reflecting pneumonia. The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no focal opacity.
Pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. Again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. Overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. Right lung stable and grossly clear. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the XXXX aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs.
Right upper lobe airspace consolidation Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is XXXX airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. The XXXX fissure is convex upward. There is right base patchy airspace opacity. This appears chronic and may be due to scarring. There is no significant pleural effusion.
Minimal XXXX left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Right perihilar lung nodule. Recommend CT thorax with contrast to further assess. Dr. XXXX XXXX the findings XXXX. Size is normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. There is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. There is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung XXXX. It is not well visualized on lateral view.
1. XXXX interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of XXXX. 2. No pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax. 
1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Right upper lobe pneumonia. Consideration may be given for followup chest x-XXXX, following appropriate therapy. The patient is rotated to left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. XXXX lucency along the left ventricular XXXX XXXX related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the XXXX fissure on lateral projection. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. No definite acute bone abnormality.
Changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill-defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. PA and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit XXXX clinically feasible. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
Small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Age indeterminant but XXXX acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs XXXX related to background of emphysema. Calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
Left lower lobe infiltrate. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
Low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. Followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. Heart size within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
1. Streaky left basilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis versus infiltrate. 2. Cardiomegaly, stable. Interval removal of cardiac XXXX generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax.
1. Asymmetric left suprahilar opacity, consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. Correlate clinically as to XXXX or symptoms of infection. Recommend followup radiograph to document resolution. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. No discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. Findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
Left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung. Heart size within normal limits. There is focal left lateral base airspace disease. There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. There is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. This is not seen on the comparison. Correlate clinically with history of fracture.
1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
1. XXXX right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. 2. Multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at XXXX the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. 3. Mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. There are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. Additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. There is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. There is a small hiatal hernia. There is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast XXXX is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry XXXX XXXX, correlate clinically. Otherwise, lungs are clear. No large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
Stable bilateral interstitial opacities, could represent scarring or infiltrate. CT may be helpful to further characterize. Stable heart size. Diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood XXXX. In the absence of prior studies for comparison, XXXX chest for further evaluation. Result notification XXXX Primordial. There is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX opacities XXXX representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.
Stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax identified. . Stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. Stable mild interstitial opacities. Unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
1. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. Low lung volumes. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. Bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema Bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours.
Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. There is moderate cardiomegaly. There are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. XXXX opacities in the lingula. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. XXXX since the earlier study. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some XXXX bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia. There is a XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung. Heart size within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic XXXX. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
Patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most XXXX represents patient's nipple recommend nipple XXXX films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. Patient being recalled from the XXXX room for the nipple XXXX film 
Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. Overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. Reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most XXXX representing chronic inflammatory change. Also some peripheral XXXX fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. No XXXX acute airspace consolidation. Stable mediastinal contour. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. There are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. 3. No visible pneumothorax. AP and lateral view of the chest.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Hyperlucent lungs, XXXX related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality.
1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. 
Interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection, differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema, inflammation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. Aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the XXXX image from XXXX. 
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Right chest XXXX in the SVC. Small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. Streaky perihilar opacification, XXXX a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. Similar appearance to the prior study. 
1. Cardiac defibrillator. Leads appear intact. 2. No pneumothorax identified. 3. XXXX XXXX opacities. Findings may reflect atelectasis and/or mild fibrotic change. There is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. Leads overlie the right atrium, right ventricle, and left lateral coronary vein. The leads appear intact. Heart size is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. There is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Patchy right lower lobe opacities, XXXX infectious infiltrate. Right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with XXXX goiter. Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
Well-expanded and clear lungs. Conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema. . The heart is enlarged. There is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. The distribution XXXX pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Compared to prior examination from XXXX, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a XXXX. there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 2.0 cm which is XXXX to be in the posterobasal segment. There is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at XXXX some concern for neoplasm. A XXXX is recommended. No airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery. 
1. Stable AICD with intact XXXX replacement. 2. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Surgical cervical XXXX is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. XXXX opacity in the left upper lobe, XXXX atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
1. Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and XXXX posterior pleural effusion. 2. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. These lesions are XXXX and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with CT. Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of XXXX B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a XXXX posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes.
No acute abnormality seen. Normal heart size. Stable tortuous thoracic aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. Healed rib fractures appear stable. Focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which XXXX represents healing rib callus. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Low lung volumes. 2. XXXX XXXX opacities. Right base appears to represent atelectasis. Left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. The appearance of the right base opacity XXXX atelectasis. The left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Emphysema. Large right upper lobe XXXX. Biapical scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, XXXX large emphysematous XXXX. There are XXXX biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Decreased lung volumes. Bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral XXXX XXXX be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable chronic lung disease. . Heart size is unchanged. Aortic calcification is noted. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. There are unchanged XXXX opacities throughout the lungs which XXXX represent scarring. Lungs are hyperexpanded.
Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly. Bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
Left basilar atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX appear intact.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the XXXX of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Prominent hiatal hernia as before. Anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. Opacity seen XXXX on lateral XXXX XXXX involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. There may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. Perhaps some slight progression, but overall XXXX change since prior examination. On lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. No effusions or CHF. 
Findings consistent with left base airspace disease. There is no acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal vascular markings. Left basilar retrocardiac opacity. No pneumothorax.
1. Stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening Again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, XXXX a XXXX effusion or scarring. Opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, XXXX scarring. Heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. There is no vascular congestion or edema. There's no pneumothorax.
Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. No overt edema. Question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. No visible pneumothorax. 
XXXX opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Heart size is normal. There are XXXX opacities which appear to XXXX XXXX above the right XXXX fissure. There is mild thickening in the fissure. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.
Similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis. No XXXX focal abnormality. . Right XXXX-A-XXXX tip overlies the mid SVC. Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12.
1. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No XXXX airspace disease. The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.
1. Findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. High resolution XXXX is recommended to confirm this. Prior XXXX from XXXX reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease. There is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. Lung volumes are low. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. Heart size appears normal. The thoracic aorta is calcified. Since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. There's no pneumothorax.
Nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. Maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring and/or atelectasis. Comparison with outside previous films may be useful. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. There is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
No acute findings. Biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. There are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC. Several right axillary surgical clips are noted. There are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
Right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right lung base airspace disease on frontal XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild wedge XXXX deformity of T12.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. Recommend follow PA and lateral radiograph XXXX XXXX or CT thorax for further evaluation. Bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable mild heart enlargement.Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. It is increased from most recent prior exam on XXXX. However, it appears similar compared to XXXX exams performed in XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Focal opacity in the left upper lobe XXXX represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
XXXX right basilar airspace opacity. XXXX right basal airspace opacity. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1. Cardiomegaly 2. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left base XXXX atelectasis Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. Left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior XXXX. XXXX opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. Stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. No acute airspace disease or CHF. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. . Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
Continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacity is present in the right middle lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
XXXX opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. XXXX densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis 2. Abnormal opacity in the right base XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion Atrial septal occluder artifact. Rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX densities in the left base, small focal XXXX opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic XXXX. Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. No pneumothorax seen.
Tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. Moderate cardiomegaly stable. Increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. Nonspecific, findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 
Low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
1. Left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. Recommend followup PA and lateral chest x-XXXX in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. Bilateral small pleural effusions. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Scattered bilateral granulomas. Patchy left basal airspace opacity. Bilateral small effusions.
Significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. Compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. Currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. No large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
1. Left-sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. Leads appear intact. No pneumothorax. 2. Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 3. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view, possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. There is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. Leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. The leads appear intact. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, XXXX pulmonary edema. There are XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. No large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is identified.
Right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. Heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is right basilar air space opacity.
1. COPD. Basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. No acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity XXXX due to discoid atelectasis and/or XXXX scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes.
Bandlike opacities in the right lung. Appearance XXXX atelectasis. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes XXXX representing airspace disease or edema. There are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable. There is an embolization XXXX overlying left upper quadrant.
XXXX and vague opacity at the right lower lobe of uncertain significance. Could represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Borderline heart size related to recent pregnancy. Consider followup chest radiographs to show clearing. Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Improved lung volumes, XXXX left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Mild to moderate T10 vertebral body anterior XXXX deformity, XXXX from XXXX. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11. Unchanged severe L1 XXXX deformity. If further imaging characterization is needed, recommend MRI. Findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician XXXX the Primordial communication XXXX. Cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. Changes of prior CABG again noted. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. Redemonstrated severe L1 XXXX fracture. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11 and there is XXXX mild to moderate anterior XXXX loss of T10. Degenerative changes of the spine. Abdominal aortic stent.
Stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. Overall this is not XXXX to represent a significant change from XXXX. Frontal and lateral views. The cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. Interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. Calcified granulomas are also identified. XXXX compared to the previous CT scan, there has been no significant interval change. No developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. IMPRESSION: Exam: CHEST 2V FRONTAL/LATERAL Date: XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM Comparison: CT chest XXXX History: Shortness of breath FINDINGS: The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. IMPRESSION: Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
Heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. There is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. This is markedly improved compared to prior exam 
Multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. Exact etiology of these is unclear. Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. There are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. Negative for bony abnormality.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Posterior basilar XXXX opacity XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar XXXX opacity seen on lateral XXXX XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis, XXXX visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. . Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. 2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. There is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. This was not present on the recent prior study. There is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There is a prosthetic valve. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1. Cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. Interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.
Improved right lower lobe consolidation with mild residual or recurrent pneumonia. Recommend radiographic follow up after appropriate therapy to confirm resolution. If there is no improvement consider XXXX for further evaluation. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. There is XXXX mild air space opacity in that distribution. No XXXX airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
XXXX XXXX atelectasis/airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are XXXX XXXX opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Left upper lobe opacities, cannot exclude mass lesions. Recommend CT chest for further evaluation. There is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. Additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
Right upper and left lower lobe airspace disease. . The heart is at the upper limits of normal in size. There is XXXX patchy opacification in the right upper and left lower lobes. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic aortic XXXX calcifications noted. Stent overlying the right upper quadrant XXXX represents prior TIPSS procedure. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
Small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
Heart size normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. Calcified right and left hilar lymph XXXX. There is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. This could be consistent with sarcoidosis. The small nodular opacities were present on the old CT scan from XXXX 
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. XXXX mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, XXXX focal atelectasis and scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Right upper lobe pneumonia. There is a right upper lobe opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
1. Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. Findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. Atypical infection is another consideration. There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified.
1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia. There is a subtle left medial base opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest. The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. Within the right lower lobes there are XXXX airspace opacities XXXX representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality.
Findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities, XXXX representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis. . Heart size within normal limits. Prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. There is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic XXXX, increased since comparison examination. A cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
XXXX change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. These findings are concerning for pneumonia. Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on PA view only, projects over right midlung. Uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. There is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of AP XXXX. These findings could be further evaluated XXXX if clinically indicated. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour normal limits. No effusions. 
1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.
1. Suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended. Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. Stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. No evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
1. Interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. Multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and XXXX pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasis/infiltrate. 2. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable pulmonary vascular congestion. . Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. Interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. Pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable left XXXX. No evidence of pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Emphysema. Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. XXXX are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.
Right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. There is increased right upper lobe opacities XXXX compared to the prior study. This could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. There is stable cavity in the right apex, XXXX related to prior tuberculosis infection. There is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. There is pulmonary hyperexpansion. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
Patchy opacities in right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia, given history. Right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. Followup evaluation to resolution is recommended. The heart is normal in size. There is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. There are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. XXXX XXXX opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, stable. Left chest AICD leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.
Opacity XXXX representing left upper lobe pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. There is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
Decrease ill-defined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small XXXX XXXX remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic XXXX blunting. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. The left costophrenic XXXX is clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment . CT ratio 12/33 
1. Patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. Small right pleural effusion. . Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion.
1. Previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few XXXX opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. . There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
1. Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema, improved since the prior study. 2. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. Negative for pneumothorax. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. Mild cardiomegaly. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The heart size is normal. XXXX opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic XXXX, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX XXXX basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. Left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. XXXX right costophrenic XXXX, right lung free of focal consolidation. 
There is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. Additional evaluation XXXX advised. Right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph XXXX. Some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. 
1. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also XXXX streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
1. Question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. This is XXXX to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Low lung volumes with mild, XXXX left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, XXXX opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
1. Near complete clearing of right midlung airspace disease. Minimal residuals from opacities remaining most XXXX represent small areas of scarring. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. Minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is identified. Implantable defibrillator is noted. Calcified granuloma is present in the left base.
1. Patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.
1. No acute findings. 2. XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Right apical opacities; the appearance XXXX scarring. There is a cardiac pacemaker. Leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. The leads appear intact. There are XXXX left lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are mild right apical opacities, XXXX scarring. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities with scarring; no acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen.
Mild bilateral streaky opacities, XXXX atelectasis. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, XXXX chronic atelectasis.
1. Left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider CT for further characterization. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstrated azygos lobe. 3. No fracture visible. If clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series. Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. Dense appearing, may be granulomatous. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. XXXX. Limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. However, no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. Follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy. There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart XXXX is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
Left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. Recommend clinical correlation. . Left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
Bandlike opacities in the right base. Appearance suggests atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs appear clear.
Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Interstitial pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
Findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection. Heart size is mildly enlarged. There are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
Stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. Stable appearance of previous XXXX sternotomy. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. No evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
Enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. Small pleural effusions. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. There is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. There are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. No evidence of pneumothorax. Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
Left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. In the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infection/pneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. If clinical findings are discordant, a XXXX is recommended. 2 images. Heart size is enlarged, stable. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There is XXXX dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. There is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The there are XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most XXXX dependent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. No acute findings. 2. Emphysema. 3. Scattered XXXX of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered XXXX bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered XXXX of left base scarring/atelectasis. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. No gross interval change from XXXX. . The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the XXXX, similar to the prior study. There are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. There is no evidence of XXXX, focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of tuberculosis. Stable obscuration of the left cardiac XXXX, XXXX representing left pleural thickening. Stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. XXXX are unremarkable.
1. Left base airspace disease. 2. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. There is a left base opacity. The right lung is grossly clear. Heart size is normal. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. There is no pneumothorax.
No acute findings. Left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. There are XXXX opacities in the left lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal XXXX XXXX reflect epicardial fat XXXX and overlying breast tissue. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with XXXX left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure. 
Persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size XXXX within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, XXXX atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes.
Compared to XXXX, there are XXXX extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities, concerning for atypical infection. Result notification XXXX Primordial. . Normal heart size. Diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. 2. Low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. 3. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. Comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. . Heart size within normal limits. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. Mild streaky bibasilar opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Persistent and biapical opacities. No acute pulmonary disease identified. There is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. Mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
 1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity XXXX combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis. Right middle lobe opacity is present. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.
Opacification of the right middle and lower lobes. Mediastinal contours are normal. Opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. No displacement of the XXXX or XXXX fissure. No pneumothorax..
Vague nodular opacity in the right lobe, which could represent focal infiltrate or nodule. Recommend followup to resolution. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is a vague 1.6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. No overt pulmonary edema. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. No large pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. No pneumothorax is identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Bilateral surgical clips are noted.
Streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. There are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
1. Right upper lobe opacity. Without comparisons, this may represent a focal area of infection/pneumonia. However, correlation should be XXXX for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. If discordant from clinical suspicion, or does not resolve on follow up imaging, consider further evaluation with XXXX scan. 2. Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. There is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. There is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion.
XXXX bullet fragments, as described above. No evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. XXXX XXXX opacities in the lung bases. There are XXXX fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and XXXX fragments in the left costophrenic XXXX. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Large right XXXX pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. A large pleural air collection is present on the right. Mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. The right lower lobe is totally opaque.
Minimal right basilar airspace disease, XXXX right middle lobe. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified. There is slightly increased XXXX opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, XXXX in the right middle lobe. The left lung is clear. No pneumothorax or effusion identified.
1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. Right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
Minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
XXXX pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasis/airspace disease. Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size XXXX large. XXXX unremarkable. No large pleural effusion.
1. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads. 2. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity over the left lung base XXXX represents a combination of prominent pericardial fat and overlying breast XXXX. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads.
Findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. No focal pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Streaky perihilar opacities. Peribronchial cuffing also noted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Emphysema. 3. Stable biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest XXXX with the tip in the superior XXXX XXXX. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
Left basilar patchy opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infection. . Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left basilar patchy opacities. Small hiatal hernia.
Large left lower lobe opacity XXXX represents a large layering pleural effusion. Right lung is clear. Large left lower lobe opacity is present. There does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
Bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe XXXX airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. XXXX XXXX opacities XXXX reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
1. Worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. High-resolution XXXX would be recommended to evaluate these findings 2. No evidence of acute pneumonia XXXX opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse XXXX compared to prior study. Lung volumes are low. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. There calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
Stable left chest, XXXX-XXXX, cardiac pacemaker seen, sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes. Streaky opacities at the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis, unchanged. The visualized thoracic XXXX are unremarkable. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the left glenohumeral joint. Please
1. Stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.
Obscured right heart XXXX with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The right heart XXXX appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
Streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis and/or infection. Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. There are streaky left basal opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. No free air is demonstrated.
1. XXXX opacities in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few XXXX opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. Small left pleural effusion. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. The lateral view shows a XXXX left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
Chest radiograph. Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality.
1. No acute traumatic findings. 2. Right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. This may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. However, true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. This appears XXXX from XXXX. Consider further evaluation with dedicated PA and lateral chest radiographs XXXX the patient is XXXX. There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This appears XXXX from the prior study. The lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
1. Persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from XXXX. 2. Left lung grossly clear. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from XXXX. Left lung clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. Followup to resolution is recommended. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are stable. Aortic calcifications are noted. There are small calcified lymph XXXX. Emphysema and chronic changes are identified. There is XXXX opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. There is questionable XXXX extension to the pleural surface. This may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1. Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. 3. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in right mid lung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
Left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. Right lung is grossly clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
Probable right lower lobe pneumonia. XXXX diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are normal. Unchanged XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX scarring. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, XXXX infectious etiology. The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal XXXX. The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly prominent perihilar opacities, XXXX due to bronchovascular crowding. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is XXXX. The bony structures appear intact.
1. Interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. XXXX airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
Right lower lobe airspace disease. . Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Left basilar airspace disease. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Tortuous and dilated aorta. Chronic interstitial markings. Left base opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with XXXX atelectasis without significant change. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Right basilar airspace disease. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
1. XXXX right midlung opacification XXXX representing atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Mild thoracolumbar spine levocurvature. . The heart is normal in size. Left-sided pacemaker XXXX and associated XXXX are unchanged in position. There is also an unchanged incompletely visualized XXXX arising below the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is XXXX streaky opacification in the right midlung. There is mild levocurvature involving the thoracolumbar spine.
Mild cardiomegaly. There are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
XXXX opacity left lung base.. There is XXXX opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX. Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable prominent ovoid opacity (4.3 x 2.8 XXXX) XXXX a large left upper lobe XXXX, XXXX reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX. No XXXX areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. Aspiration or edema are also possible but less XXXX. 2. XXXX lung volumes 3. No pneumothorax 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. 2. Stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic XXXX pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. Stable blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. Redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT.
1. Bilateral airspace disease. 2. Stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. Persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. The heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary XXXX suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. There has been removal of the right-sided PICC line. There is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic XXXX blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no pneumothorax.
Patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. . Patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. Subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
Suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. XXXX thorax for further characterization. Heart size is normal. There is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. Questionable small right midlung nodule. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
1. Worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most XXXX due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. Superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. 3. Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC. . 
1. Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. 2. Approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. Not XXXX showing benign type calcification, consider followup XXXX of the chest for characterization. 
Central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX edema, consolidation. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. Compared to prior chest radiograph from XXXX, there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. Mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. No XXXX nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
Stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. Unchanged cardiomegaly. Negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No large effusion. Mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
Bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion XXXX interstitial edema. Diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. Central vascular congestion. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No pleural effusion. Heart size normal.
1. Moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. 2. Bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. 3. Interval vertebral body XXXX deformity in the lumbar spine since XXXX. . Normal heart size. Bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. No significant pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes. Exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. Multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. Interval XXXX deformity of the vertebral body XXXX XXXX the level of the two vertebroplasty XXXX.
1. Left lower lobe opacities XXXX representing pneumonia. 2. Enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension. There are scattered XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is prominence of the right and left hilum XXXX representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. There is no pneumothorax.
1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.
Multilobar airspace consolidation. There is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
Worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Masslike opacification of right apex. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX are grossly normal.
Right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. Stable as compared to earlier study. The changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. The appearance is unchanged. There is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. These are also unchanged. No focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
1. Cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1.There is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right basilar atelectasis. There is a left basilar airspace opacity. Right basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
No acute osseous abnormalities. If continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. Left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormalities. Left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
No acute findings, no evidence for active TB. Heart size within normal limits. Small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more XXXX represents a granuloma. No pneumothorax or effusions.
1. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. 2. Probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. 3. Opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or CT thorax to document resolution. There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. Mediastinal contours are normal. Blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. Increased interstitial opacities.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged. . Redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
1. Slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. These findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. 2. Stable, mild left-sided volume loss. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. No interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. These opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. Mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
Minimal left basilar opacity most XXXX representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator XXXX repair on the right.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Postsurgical changes of the chest including CABG procedure, stable. Stable valve artifact. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No large pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. Nodular right lower lobe opacity, XXXX nipple XXXX. Contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable.
Round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. This may represent XXXX pulmonary nodule. The primordial XXXX was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. . There is a calcified granuloma left midlung. There is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be XXXX lung nodule.
Approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. This is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. A CT of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. There is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one XXXX margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the PA view. This is not definitely seen on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There are T-spine osteophytes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX there
1. Small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, XXXX residual atelectasis. 3. Near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with XXXX residual. . Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion.
Improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. There is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified.
Atelectasis versus scar left lung base. Otherwise unremarkable. XXXX XXXX for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. If there are any questions about this examination please XXXX. XXXX, XXXX certified radiologist, at XXXX. Heart size within normal limits. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Right lung is clear. XXXX opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.
1. There is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. 2. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal 3. Mediastinal contours are normal 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.
Stable right-sided cardiac XXXX generator. Interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized low lung volumes. Bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities, XXXX atelectatic changes. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. . 
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
XXXX opacity in left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.
Mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. . The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. Follow up to resolution recommended. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. There is right upper lobe airspace disease.. There is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. Extensive post-op changes. 3. Right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. 4. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. Although this could represent air-fluid within a XXXX of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. If clinically indicated, XXXX scan would better define this. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Right base densities are again noted which appear improved. Previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. There continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. Surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. No definite pneumothorax is seen.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. There are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. Streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.
Probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly. The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is XXXX and left midlung airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity XXXX atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease.
1. No interval change in the appearance of the XXXX opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No interval change in the appearance of the XXXX opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1. Borderline cardiomegaly. 2. Age-indeterminate, XXXX chronic, XXXX deformity in the midthoracic spine. There are T-spine osteophytes. There calcified costochondral cartilages. There is loss of disc XXXX of a midthoracic vertebral body. There are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline enlarged.
1. XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, XXXX postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery. There are XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
1. Bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most XXXX representing acute infectious process. 2. Widening of the mediastinum, XXXX secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy. Right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. No visualized pneumothorax. Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
Small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. Followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion.
Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, XXXX intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No XXXX focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
Moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Dual-lumen right IJ catheter is identified without pneumothorax. The lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar XXXX opacities XXXX adjacent atelectasis. There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. Skin XXXX have been removed since prior study study. The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. There are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. The right lung is grossly clear.
1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. . Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.
Interval decrease of pulmonary vascular congestion and edema. There is interval removal of gastric suction tube. Otherwise lines and tubes are unchanged. XXXX tube has also been removed. There is no pneumothorax. There is interval decrease/improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema with residual nodular opacity at the right lower lobe. No XXXX focal consolidation identified. Heart and mediastinum are normal. No large effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
1. Malpositioned right PICC line tip. Now located in left innominate vein. 2. XXXX ill-defined focal opacities. These may represent small areas of pneumonia. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right PICC line is in XXXX. The tip has moved into the left innominate vein. There has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
KUB 1. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. Chest 1. Left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. . KUB. Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. There is also an extremely dilated XXXX in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. There is extensive soft tissue pannus. Prior abdominal surgery. Chest. There is XXXX left basilar opacity. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are no large pleural effusions. There is thickening of the fissure.
COPD and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung XXXX. There is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung XXXX bilaterally. This is XXXX to be similar to XXXX scan. The heart is normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. Increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. XXXX opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No definite pleural effusion seen.
Large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. Grossly clear left lung. The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. XXXX opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
Bibasilar atelectasis. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is XXXX large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. Followup XXXX radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. However, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. Scattered calcified granulomas also seen. Heart size is upper limit normal. No acute bony abnormality.
Prominent hiatal hernia. Left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. XXXX right pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema / overt CHF identified. Stable senescent mediastinal contour. 
Abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. Or, if clinical findings are not compatible with XXXX may be of XXXX. XXXX focal opacity in the medial right lung base XXXX seen on the frontal view. No definite pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous XXXX scan. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. On a previous outside XXXX scan (XXXX), the right upper lobe was consolidated. Comparison to the XXXX XXXX from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. No films were available, however, for direct comparison.
No acute cardiothoracic process. Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases XXXX relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
1. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. Unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable.
Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. XXXX opacity in the left XXXX XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal XXXX, XXXX atelectasis. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
1. Increased bilateral interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with mild interstitial edema. Low lung volumes are noted. Allowing for technical factors the heart size is XXXX normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. XXXX left upper lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are XXXX left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits.
1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Low lung volumes. 2. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. XXXX right lower lung opacity XXXX represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
Heart size normal. Over expanded lungs. Aortic valve prosthesis. Calcified right hilar lymph node. Stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. The patient has XXXX right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans. From XXXX. 
Patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. There are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Findings of COPD with right lung base focal atelectasis. No evidence for failure or pneumonia. No change lung XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right lower lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Aorta normal.
1. Heart failure with pulmonary edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size In appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with XXXX B lines demonstrated. Small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect XXXX effusions. Negative for pneumothorax. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX the grossly intact.
1. A few basilar XXXX of opacity. This may represent scarring or atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis.
XXXX opacity projecting over the left midlung. Comparison examinations would be useful. If no comparison examinations exist, XXXX would be helpful for further evaluation. . There is a XXXX opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size top normal. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
Anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. No effusions or CHF identified. A few scant reticular opacities in right lung base XXXX hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, XXXX postinfectious/postinflammatory. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart XXXX. This was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
1. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered XXXX opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
Minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia. The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
