Diffuse fibrosis. No visible focal acute disease. Interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal.
Status post left mastectomy. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a XXXX effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1. Limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality. This examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
No pneumonia. Heart size normal. Scoliosis. 
XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac contour is within normal limits. Compared to prior exam, there is XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. Mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.
Question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with XXXX tenderness. Lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. Visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is normal. Stable mediastinal contour. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
1. Continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. No change. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. These are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. No superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis is present.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextrocurvature the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is slight wedge XXXX deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. No displaced rib fracture visualized. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture visualized.
1. Clear lungs. No acute chest findings. 2. Peripheral vascular disease. There has been interval CABG. Sternotomy and XXXX cerclage XXXX appear intact. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
1. There is abnormal separation of right XXXX XXXX, question very acute versus chronic injury. Correlate for focal pain. If indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. 2. No acute cortical artery disease. There is abnormal separation of the right XXXX XXXX. This is age-indeterminate. Corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote XXXX. The cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema . There is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. Partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No acute displaced fractures. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. The patient is mildly rotated. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute displaced fractures.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, XXXX secondary to old rib fracture. There are no gross acute bony findings.
1. Elevated left hemidiaphragm. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Central venous catheter is again noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. Changes of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. There are multiple XXXX fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. The patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. The pleural spaces appear clear. There is right-sided chest XXXX, the distal tip in the upper right atrium. Mediastinal contours appear normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the T11 level. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. No pulmonary vascular congestion. No XXXX edema. No focal consolidation. There is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately T11 level.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent hilar contours. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. 
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart XXXX. This may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. Left lung clear. No effusions. No pneumothorax. Skeletal structures unremarkable. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Prior granulomatous infection. Cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. XXXX and curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. There is a left chest XXXX with tip in the mid SVC. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
Heart size normal. Central catheter tip in upper SVC. Lungs are clear. Degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies. 
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute pulmonary findings. Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Degenerative this disease within the spine. Prosthetic right shoulder. Possible XXXX body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. Degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. 2. Stable scoliosis XXXX. . Stable scoliosis XXXX. The lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart. Clear lungs. Trachea midline. Scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. This is most concerning for pneumonia. Recommend follow up to ensure resolution. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities present. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The soft tissues are within normal limits.
No significant change compared to prior. Bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema. Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. Persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly XXXX compared to prior. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Coronary artery stents visualized. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
XXXX left lower lobe airspace disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX airspace disease within the left lower lung. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the right breast.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged.
Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease. . Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
Age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight XXXX deformity otherwise negative exam. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a slight XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant, appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. XXXX XXXX foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute abnormality identified. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Right lower lobe pneumonia. The heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left subclavian central catheter tip in distal SVC. No pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
1. Stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia and/or aspiration. Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. 2. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. Feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC. Shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. There is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. The ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Bilateral breast prostheses with XXXX calcification.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiac defibrillator leads are stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. XXXX sternotomy changes are again noted. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is no obvious displaced rib fracture. If there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The right upper extremity PICC tip is in the upper SVC. Surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
Clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute preoperative findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild prominence left hilar contour. Bony structures are intact.
Borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Otherwise, there is no focal opacity. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
Clear lungs. XXXX deformities within the midthoracic spine. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a left chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC. There is XXXX deformity within the midthoracic spine.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
XXXX right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. CT of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. In the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. In addition, on the PA view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left XXXX of the heart. This opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. It may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. Mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. Heart size normal. Note XXXX of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear of pneumonia. Patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
At XXXX 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for<BR>metastatic disease Two nodules are noted in the right XXXX XXXX measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. The smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large XXXX appears to be within the left lower lobe. No focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. However, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider XXXX for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Morgagni hernia, stable. Lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax. Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. Left lung is clear. Normal cardiac contour. No evidence of pleural effusion.
No evidence of active disease. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. The distal tip of a right IJ dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the XXXX which junction.
1. Right chest XXXX catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. Grossly clear lungs. There is a right chest XXXX with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size is normal. Stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. Lungs are clear. No edema or effusions. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. 
Multifocal right-sided pneumonia. There is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. A right upper extremity PICC is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. No pneumothorax or large effusions. Heart size within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. There are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..
Unremarkable examination of the chest. Heart size normal. Prominent epicardial fat. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Clear lungs. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
1. No acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. 2. Prominent bilateral XXXX, right greater than left. This appears slightly increased from the prior studies. Findings could be related to hilar lymph XXXX or enlarged pulmonary arteries. If clinically indicated, further evaluation with contrast-enhanced CT of the thorax could be performed. The cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary venous congestion. There is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Cardiac XXXX projects over the right ventricle, without evidence of acute complication. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a single cardiac XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. VP shunt tubing is identified. The bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
Vague 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. Further evaluation will require a chest CT. Remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no effusion or adenopathy. Heart size is normal. 
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
Heart size is normal. Bilateral upper lobe XXXX, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams. 
1. No acute findings. 2. Stable midthoracic vertebral body XXXX fractures. No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. There are stable anterior wedge XXXX deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies.
No acute pulmonary findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right lung base granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. 2. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteries/pulmonary hypertension. Please correlate clinically. The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity in the left XXXX, XXXX representing a scar. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. There are atherosclerotic calcifications.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No acute preoperative findings. The cardiac contours are normal. Mild atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. There is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. There is XXXX deformity of the 8th vertebral body. These bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Normal heart size. Stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a XXXX tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another XXXX tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size. Stable appearance of coronary stent. XXXX sternotomy changes are present. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal cardiac contour. Clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Granulomas are seen within the right lung. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. Further imaging XXXX may be helpful. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. This could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
No acute findings Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. Nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and XXXX reflects granuloma. 
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to XXXX.
Stable chest. Elevated left diaphragm. Two bullets overlie the left chest. Heart size normal. Persistent 1.8 cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. CT scan may be informative if patient is at high XXXX for lung cancer. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. No acute osseous findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
No acute pulmonary findings. Normal heart size. Aortic calcification. Granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. No acute pulmonary abnormalities. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. There is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is XXXX a hiatal hernia.
1. Stable and adequately placed XXXX. 2. Prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis. There is interval placement of a XXXX on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. The heart size is within normal limits. Lung volumes within normal limits. Slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. Increased peribronchial cuffing. No large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. There is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Note is XXXX of an XXXX closure device which appears grossly appropriate The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. There is mild diaphragm eventration.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. Large hiatal hernia.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.
Stable chest. No acute disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are XXXX spine marginal osteophytes.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Increasing density in the superior segment XXXX the left lower lobe, XXXX seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right hilar surgical clips. Stable right-sided volume loss. Increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX seen on lateral view. No pneumothorax. Severe degenerative disease of the XXXX.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Stable left-sided ICD and postsurgical changes consistent with prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
Chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No XXXX deformities. Emphysematous changes.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
No acute pulmonary disease. Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. No visible pleural XXXX. No focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Included osseous structures are grossly intact.
No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Lumbar and are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal. A large hiatal hernia is present. An age-indeterminate XXXX fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. Scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
Right upper lobe lung nodules. Recommend XXXX. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature noted.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No interval change. Sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips are unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are unchanged. No XXXX consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable XXXX deformities of the upper thoracic segments. The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal opacities. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam.
1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right XXXX. Bilateral degenerative joint disease, left worse than right. Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left and right XXXX. Osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. The right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. No fractures or bone destruction.
1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
Patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. Mild XXXX opacities in the retrocardiac region. No large effusions or pneumothorax.
Clear lungs. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. Old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Unchanged multiple XXXX foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. The bony thorax is grossly intact.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are present. The lungs are clear.
Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodule/mass in the left lower lung. Diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. Suggest clinical correlation and further imaging XXXX examination. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. The largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 7.0 cm. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. Recommend followup characterization with XXXX. 2 images. There is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.
Small right upper lobe nodule, stable. Otherwise, no acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. Left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia. Two views of chest was obtained in AP projection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of CABG.
Clear lungs Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with CABG. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX. Anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stable/unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. No destructive bony lesions are seen. 
1. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. 2.No evidence of acute bony abnormalities. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
Stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, also in stable position. No pneumothorax. Pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No focal consolidation. There are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior examination. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no pleural effusions.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. This may be related to XXXX XXXX, however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available XXXX of the chest for further evaluation The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. 1.4 cm right lower lobe nodule, XXXX calcified granulomas disease. If patient high XXXX for pulmonary malignancy, consider cross-sectional imaging to verify. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. There is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. The additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact. Right unilateral nipple ring.
No active disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. XXXX-A-XXXX XXXX has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
Nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; XXXX recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. XXXX level Veriphy message was sent XXXX. XXXX regarding possible lung nodules at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Emphysematous changes. Nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
1. Lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. This may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest CT. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality. There is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change calcified aorticopulmonary XXXX node.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Feeding tube tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction. Feeding tube noted with tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact.
1. Vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral XXXX, XXXX from prior study. Although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a XXXX sclerotic focus within the thoracic XXXX cannot be excluded. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone. The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. There is XXXX minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. Unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. The mediastinal contours are normal.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma. 
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Left hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Bilateral lower lobe bronchitis. Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
Significant bilateral emphysematous changes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Low lung volumes bilaterally. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1. Left PICC tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is a left-sided PICC with tip at the caval atrial junction. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left XXXX, XXXX to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest CT. Stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. An ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study XXXX is recommended. . There is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on AP view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated XXXX scan is recommended. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. The heart is normal in size. No hilar lymphadenopathy. No destructive bony lesions.
Heart size within normal limits. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. Normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of left-to-right shunt. 
No acute cardio pulmonary disease The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. No acute pulmonary findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. Elevated right diaphragm. The lungs are clear. XXXX degenerative spondylosis. There appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Stable XXXX foreign body over the left breast (XXXX nipple piercing). Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are grossly clear.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Elevated right diaphragm, unchanged 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT. XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained XXXX/XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Positioning of the pacemaker generator is unchanged and in its 3 leads remain intact. The additional pacing XXXX over the left atrium also appear unchanged. Thoracolumbar scoliosis is again noted. The XXXX XXXX remain intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic XXXX question hypertension. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a right chest XXXX with central venous catheter tip overlying the high SVC. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. There are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection. The heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal air space disease. Prominent hilar XXXX. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Minimal scoliosis. 
Negative for acute abnormality. Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Spurring of thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. A 5 mm stable right apical nodule.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Scoliotic curvature of the spine with XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. There is XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body. Levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. Multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Left midlung pulmonary nodule. Comparison to a previous XXXX would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest CT could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. No acute disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Negative. No significant change from XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy.
1. Prominent mediastinum. May be due to mediastinal fat. Comparison films, if available, would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. 2. Clear lungs. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Degenerative changes are noted in the spine. The descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. The mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
Senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax XXXX related to superimposed soft tissues. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Limited exam, no definite acute intrathoracic finding. The lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. No focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Pectus deformity is noted. Left IJ dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. No focal airspace disease or effusion. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Interval CABG. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There has been interval CABG. Surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine 
No acute findings. Stable cardiac enlargement. Enlarged cardiac contour, stable. Calcified vasculature. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. No confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. Mild thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung. There is stable left costophrenic XXXX blunting. The patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. There are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. Heart size normal. No visualized pneumothorax. There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
Bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. Followup chest x-XXXX versus further imaging XXXX may be indicated. Correlation with prior films would be helpful if available. The heart is normal in size. There is bihilar prominence. The lungs are clear.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Negative chest x-XXXX. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary process This is an apical lordotic view the chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. Left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.
No acute intrathoracic disease. Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
There are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. Findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest CT from XXXX. 
Stable exam without acute abnormality. Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable right lower lung granuloma. Interval to right clavicle XXXX procedure. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
1. Technically limited exam. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. Multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Wedge-shaped XXXX fracture of T12. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Again visualized is a wedge-shaped XXXX fracture of T12.
Possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. If further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. In addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. Findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. Otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous CT scan from XXXX.
1. No evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection 2. No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination.
1. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal XXXX free XXXX.
1.5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. May contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. Comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. If old films are not available, XXXX scan could be XXXX to evaluate for the presence of calcium. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. This appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Stable normal heart size. Elevated right diaphragm. Lungs are clear. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Scattered granulomatous changes. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax is unremarkable
Prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. Chest CT with contrast may be helpful for further clarification. There is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
Heart size is normal. Bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. Heart size normal. No effusions. Lungs clear 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Changes of right mastectomy. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change
Subtle interstitial markings bilateral, may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. Visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. Subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1. Pathologic fractures seen at T5 and L2. 2. Left venous catheter in SVC. Left chest wall Mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear lungs bilaterally. XXXX fracture seen at T5 and L2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. XXXX XXXX of the spine.
No focal lung infiltrates. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. A right-sided Mediport catheter is noted. No pleural effusion is identified.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prominent pericardial fat XXXX is again noted. There is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the AP view and may represent artifact. No acute bony abnormalities.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Patchy airspace disease on the lateral view, probably within the right lower lobe, XXXX a pneumonia superimposed on XXXX severe underlying emphysema. Recommend following this process to resolution. Patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. There is severe underlying emphysema. The aorta is calcified. There is spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
Stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of Hodgkin's lymphoma . If one would like to discuss this case further, please XXXX. XXXX at XXXX. Thanks. Stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. Heart and mediastinum stable configuration. Stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. Lungs clear of consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax intact. Minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
Chest. Right shoulder. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation. Chest: Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Hyperlucent apices. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Healed remote left 9th rib fracture. Right shoulder: Negative for fracture or dislocation.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The cardiac XXXX generator overlies left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute findings. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. Thoracic spondylosis.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild S-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. No displaced, acute fractures are identified. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Probable DISH of the thoracic spine.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild spondylosis.
No acute disease. Left lung nodule. Correlate with prior films if available. If none are available, followup imaging in 6 months is suggested. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. Elevated left diaphragm. 2. No focal airspace disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated.
Well-expanded and clear lungs. Apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
1. Redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate. There are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung XXXX. The fibrosis appears to slightly increased XXXX compared to previous examination, in XXXX. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib. 
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute abnormality. 2. Dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. . The heart size is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1. Unremarkable chest radiograph. 2. Unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No adenopathy or effusion. Stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior XXXX of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. This most XXXX represents overlying degenerative spurring XXXX than metastasis. 
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in XXXX with tip overlying the T9 vertebral body.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The previously<BR>described XXXX deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. There is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the spine noted.
Interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Left-sided chest XXXX is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number XXXX compared to prior study. The dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. There is no pleural effusion.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Old right rib fractures.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Right lower lobe pneumonia. Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous thoracic aorta. There is patchy right base airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Emphysematous changes are identified. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
Mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Atherosclerotic aorta. Mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. No confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal airspace consolidation. There is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Left hilar and medial left base granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. First rib fracture not well demonstrated on XXXX study..
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung XXXX Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
PA and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. The lungs appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There is no pneumothorax. Pleural spaces are clear. There is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION, SARCOIDOSIS, OR MALIGNANCY XXXX AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER. RECOMMEND CONTRAST-ENHANCED CHEST CT FOR FURTHER EVALUATION. 
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Incidental note XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant.
Mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear. The lateral view is degraded by patient motion. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality.
Stable bilateral hilar adenopathy. The left and right XXXX remain enlarged and unchanged. Lungs are free of infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Subcutaneous emphysema of the neck, left lateral chest, and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted. . Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Surgical XXXX is noted in the right upper quadrant. Subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest.
No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Interval removal of right PICC. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chronic-appearing XXXX opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
No acute abnormality. . Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Umbilical piercing.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Hiatal hernia. The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
No active pulmonary disease. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild XXXX XXXX curvature thoracolumbar junction.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma . No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. No pneumothorax. No pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
No acute abnormality. Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart size is normal. There is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine..
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Mild degenerative change thoracic spine. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is normal in size and contour. Scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. Old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. Emphysema. No nodules, masses or adenopathy. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. This is unchanged. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A large hiatal hernia is noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. Moderate thoracic spondylosis. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size is upper limits of normal for AP projection. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. The patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
No change. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. Calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen XXXX consistent with gallstone.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No displaced rib fractures are seen. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Note is XXXX of calcifications in the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease. 
Bibasilar pneumonia. Consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. A patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. Heart size is normal.
No acute pulmonary disease. No gross evidence for rib fracture. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. The mediastinum is normal. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact, with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is hiatal hernia.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified lymph XXXX.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. Emphysematous changes are identified. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
Possible small right pleural effusion, without focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent a small right pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. No acute osseous abnormality. There is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. Old, healed left rib fractures are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered XXXX deformities. Stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.
There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
Negative chest . The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Again seen is XXXX paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
1. Left upper lobe pneumonia. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most XXXX pneumonia. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Right knee. Stable advanced degenerative changes, most severe in the medial compartment. Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Right knee. There has been prior ligamentous repair. There is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. No knee joint effusion. No fractures or dislocations.
1. Clear lungs. 2. Hiatal hernia. . There is a hiatal hernia. Right chest XXXX tip projects over the upper SVC. Stable granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Stable blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. Right lung is clear. Stable blunting of costophrenic XXXX with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. No visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. XXXX unremarkable.
3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. No effusion. No adenopathy. CT scan is the XXXX XXXX to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. No bony abnormalities. 
No acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
No acute pulmonary disease. There is mild XXXX opacification over both XXXX, XXXX secondary to soft tissue attenuation. There are no focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium, right ventricle and a coronary vein. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. 
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve. There has been previous aortic valve replacement. Heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The skeletal structures are normal. The soft tissues are normal.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are no focal infiltrates. There is prominent epipericardial fat. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. Interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass, highly suspicious for malignancy. Recommend CT of the chest/abdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. 2. Otherwise clear lungs. Dr. XXXX XXXX notified of the critical results at XXXX on XXXX, XXXX by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results. Lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4.5 x 6.8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. Atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . Deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. Lumbar scoliosis is noted.
Bilateral enlargement of the XXXX, XXXX lymphadenopathy. Consider correlation with a XXXX of the chest. Sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less XXXX lymphoproliferative XXXX/lymphoma. 
Heart size upper limits normal. Sternotomy. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Lungs are clear. 
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
No acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
Lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam. No significant interval change since the prior study and XXXX. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. Redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. Left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. No focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
This is XXXX since the previous study. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. Aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. There is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. Appearance suggests an old rib fracture.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. Pleural spaces are clear. Soft tissue XXXX previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Scattered thoracic spine spurring.
Tortuous thoracic aorta. Clear lungs. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Compared with prior examination mildly improved inspirational XXXX. Lung parenchyma is not clear. No acute airspace disease, large pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. No XXXX of acute cardiopulmonary disease. 
Postoperative left upper lobe. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. Residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. XXXX XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal lung opacity. Clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
Posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection. Midline sternotomy XXXX identified. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. Airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine.
1. Clear lungs. 2. Several bilateral healing rib fractures, XXXX pathologic fracture. The lungs are clear. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are sclerotic lesions within the XXXX, better visualized on the comparison XXXX scan. There are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. The appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ABDOMEN. Normal bowel XXXX pattern. CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. There is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. ABDOMEN. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. There is an IVC XXXX identified. There are phleboliths in pelvis. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Right middle lobe airspace disease, which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX on the frontal view. There is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac XXXX. Airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to No pleural effusion. Left lung clear. Degenerative changes spine. No pneumothorax.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection. 
No acute pulmonary findings. Right chest XXXX tip low SVC. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Prosthetic right humeral head. Prior lower cervical spine surgery. XXXX deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis.
No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate XXXX secondary to soft tissue overlay. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
Decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. Continued clear lungs. The mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are less prominent than previously. Heart size remains normal. Lungs are clear.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. Considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most XXXX. If further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. There is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. There are advanced degenerative changes in the XXXX bilaterally. There is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1A margins.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of placement of a retention XXXX in the lower cervical spine.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. Stable moderate hiatal hernia. There is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. XXXX and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable, most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There is stable tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic aorta, with calcification of the aortic XXXX. No pleural effusion, focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. Stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine, stable anterior wedge deformities of at XXXX 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. Diffuse osteopenia.
1. Clear lungs. 2. Prominent right paratracheal opacities XXXX representing adenopathy. The heart size is within normal limits. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissues XXXX representing adenopathy. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge XXXX deformity of L1. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. There is a mild anterior wedge XXXX deformity of L1, age-indeterminate.
Clear lungs. Postsurgical changes of the right chest. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Interval placement of right humeral orthopedic XXXX, incompletely evaluated. If attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder x-XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. Incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy.
2.1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic XXXX on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. Recommend followup with chest CT. Heart size is normal. Prior calcified granulomatous disease. On the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic XXXX, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. There are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the XXXX XXXX otherwise grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute pulmonary disease. No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. No acute airspace process. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size normal. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. A bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. No acute bony abnormality.
Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No XXXX of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. Normal X-XXXX of chest. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a small stable XXXX foreign body noted over the left chest. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion is seen.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Calcified aortic XXXX. 
No active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both XXXX.
Dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker in stable, XXXX position. No evidence of acute complication. Dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker is in stable, XXXX position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is a prominent epicardial fat XXXX. Heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. There is mild, smooth apical pleural thickening bilaterally. There are no acute bony findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . Right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No acute focal airspace opacification.
1. Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. XXXX for better characterization. 2. No acute pulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. No focal airspace consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Emphysematous changes are present. The lungs are free of active disease. Deformed right ribs. Thoracic spondylosis.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pulmonary nodules identified. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Emphysema.
1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound. Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic XXXX. There is a bullet fragment overlying the left T7 vertebra. Retained XXXX bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Stable position of the cardiac XXXX and leads. 2. Normal cardiac size with clear lungs. Status post posterior spinal fusion. Status post XXXX sternotomy. Stable position of the cardiac XXXX and leads. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The lungs are clear.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2., Mild, age-indeterminate wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute findings. The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Calcific aorta. Normal vascular markings. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
1. Right lower lobe infiltrate, suggestive of pneumonia Right lower lobe infiltrate. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. There has been interval placement of a left chest XXXX, with its distal tip in the Left sided SVC
Cardiac pacing leads in stable position, without evidence of acute complication. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The cardiac pacing leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild, age-indeterminate wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal air is prominent consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. This is age-indeterminate.
1. Clear lungs. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There is evidence of granulomatous disease.
1. No evidence of acute disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
No evidence of active disease. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bullous emphysematous changes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
1. XXXX 1.9 XXXX left midlung nodule without XXXX benign calcification. CT of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. 2. Heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. Normal vascularity. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Critical results discussed XXXX. XXXX at the time of interpretation, XXXX, XXXX XXXX hours XXXX telephone. 
Interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. No nodules or masses are definitely seen on XXXX radiograph. . The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. There is a right chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC.
XXXX change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. Thoracolumbar scoliosis. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures intact.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable mild interstitial prominence. Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation. Stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
Diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. The this may represent heart failure, opportunistic infection, or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. XXXX of chest for further characterization. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Stable position of the defibrillator XXXX. Defibrillator XXXX is in stable position. The XXXX and soft tissue appear normal. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The aortic XXXX is on the left. The trachea is well seen and appears normal. The lungs are clear.
Clear lungs. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
There is a left IJ tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No edema. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum unremarkable. No change in the mediastinal surgical clips.
Left chest cardiac XXXX generator with ICD XXXX tip overlying expected location of the right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX intact. Mediastinal clips and markers from prior CABG. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is stable. No edema. No XXXX consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Age-indeterminate, mild XXXX deformity of an upper lumbar vertebrae. 
1. Moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. 2. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. 3. Endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. XXXX shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. There is a round XXXX bullet overlying the T10 vertebral body. XXXX density is seen within the right lower lobe XXXX representing hemorrhage. There is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. There is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. The osseous structures are otherwise normal.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No infiltrates or atelectasis. Gallbladder XXXX clips. 
1. Negative acute bone abnormality. 2. Indeterminate 1.4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance, and may be located in or on the patient. Clinical correlation, with possible followup chest x-XXXX recommended if clinically appropriate. Dr. XXXX XXXX was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at XXXX hours on XXXX and acknowledged receipt of the study finding. Rounded 1.4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for pneumoperitoneum.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Old left rib fractures.
Cardiac pacemaker in stable position. No evidence of acute complication. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Dual-XXXX cardiac pacing device is in XXXX, stable position with leads projecting over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. A cardiac defibrillator device is in XXXX over the left chest wall with a single XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips XXXX secondary to a CABG procedure. Small T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are cholecystectomy clips. There is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. XXXX closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. There are no acute bony findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. Lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. No evidence of pneumothorax. No focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Minimal thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Stable S-shaped scoliosis. Cardiac XXXX is intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size appears within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. Radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, XXXX representing a hiatal hernia. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
No acute findings. . The postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. There is at XXXX one left-sided coronary artery stent. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib, concerning for acute fracture. Recommend correlation with side of XXXX tenderness. No other fractures are XXXX identified. If there is high clinical concern, recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs. The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is an obliquely oriented XXXX lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Monitoring device artifacts. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. No definite pneumothorax. No displaced fracture. Small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat XXXX represents projectile fragment..
1. Chest. No change no active cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. 2. Pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury. Both lungs remain clear and expanded. No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. Heart and aorta are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. Pelvis. Bone density is decreased. Hips are normal and symmetric. No fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. Note XXXX of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC. The left upper extremity PICC tip is in the mid SVC. Surgical XXXX overlie the soft tissues of the neck. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1. No active disease. 2. There are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance. The lungs are clear. There are multiple surgical XXXX seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is a screw in the right shoulder. The soft tissues are normal.
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. Chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. There is raises concern for pneumonia. Recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the PA view. This is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Bilateral nipple shadows. Right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. XXXX overlies the common bile duct. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Multiple chronic changes as described above. . Mediastinum is stable. Retrocardiac lucency XXXX represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. The lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Stable thoracic XXXX deformity.
1. No definite evidence of metastatic disease. 2. Age-indeterminate XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since study dated XXXX, XXXX. . Sternotomy XXXX mediastinal clips noted. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since X-XXXX thoracic spine XXXX, XXXX. Mild XXXX deformity of T12, stable. Prior cholecystectomy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. There is denser lumbar scoliosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation. Rotated position, considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits. No definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax.
No evidence of active TB. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. There are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, XXXX from cholecystectomy. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. The lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
Normal chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the shoulder. Soft tissues are unremarkable..
1. Clear lungs. 2. Mildly blunted right costophrenic XXXX without definite pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX, without definite pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Limited lateral projection. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
No active disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. Possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No pleural air collections. Heart and mediastinum normal. A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.
Left lung clear. Heart size normal. No change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. No change right upper lobe cavitation. 
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Hiatal hernia. No effusion the or pneumothorax. No pneumonia 
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Right paratracheal mass, possibly lymphadenopathy. If there are no previous chest x-XXXX from elsewhere are XXXX scan with contrast XXXX be of further XXXX. Dr. XXXX XXXX I discussed these findings in the XXXX Department approximately XXXX hours XXXX, XXXX. Right paratracheal stripe is denser and XXXX than normal. The XXXX are normal. Heart size normal. Lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. Upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cervical fusion XXXX. Degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
No acute findings. Small hiatal hernia. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Small hiatal hernia.
1. Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. 2. Prominent left hilum. After correlation with the XXXX scan performed today, findings XXXX reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery. There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. For example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, XXXX seen on the frontal view. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The left hilar contour is prominent. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Cannot exclude small pleural effusions. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. The inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Heart size normal limits. Cholecystectomy clips.
1. No acute pulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia. . Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Large hiatal hernia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
Question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality. There is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. Volume loss of the right hand side. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart size.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature again noted.
Multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. These are XXXX and increased from prior radiograph of XXXX , but were seen XXXX chest XXXX, with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3.3 x 6.1 cm. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal cardiac contour. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Multilevel cervical XXXX arthritis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is anterior fusion XXXX at the cervicothoracic junction.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable appearance of pacemaker. Stable appearance bipolar dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. No interval change in XXXX position. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. Lungs are well-aerated. No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion.
Mild blunted right costophrenic XXXX which could be due to XXXX effusion or scarring. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The lungs are clear. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. There is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. The right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size. Density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. No focal airspace consolidation. Moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
1. No evidence of active disease. The patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Ureteral stents are noted on the right.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
No acute pulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
Patchy, right lower lobe airspace disease. This XXXX represents pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
XXXX lungs without focal consolidation. Lungs are XXXX without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post XXXX sternotomy. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is XXXX of previous left rotator XXXX repair.
Right upper lobe pneumonia. Right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. The lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1. Left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. This appears unchanged.
Right lower lobe pneumonia. Consider followup radiograph to document resolution. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a right lower lobe pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. XXXX anchors XXXX over the left humeral head. There is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
Stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable appearing right-sided XXXX the opacities. There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Heart size is normal. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal air space opacities. Mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
Suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchitic/bronchiolitis changes. No suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. 
Increasing upper mediastinal mass, probably a goiter. Clear lungs. Upper mediastinal mass on the right has increased in opacity with some pressure on the right side of the trachea in the interval. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. Heart and XXXX remain normal.
The right lower lobe pneumonia There is XXXX airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on PA view. This is also well seen on lateral view. Remainder of the lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal.
1. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease. Heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. Normal pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute pulmonary disease. No evidence for apical mass. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence for mass lung apices. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are unremarkable.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.
No acute pulmonary findings. . Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Specifically, no pneumothorax. 2. Fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate.
1. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. This may be due to previous/chronic pulmonary embolism or XXXX pulmonary arterial hypertension. 2. No evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. There is prominent left epicardial fat. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Old fusion of approximately T9-T10. 
1. Lingular airspace disease which in the setting of XXXX is concerning for pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is lingular airspace disease.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. They're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spinal.
Heart size upper limits of normal. Grossly clear lungs with no effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. TIPS stent incidentally noted. 
Mildly improved XXXX XXXX opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate and/or pleural effusions. Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. Interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. No pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. Right-sided rib fractures again noted.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus. 2. Unchanged right hilar mass. There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. There is no evidence of aspiration. A 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. No moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.
The cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. The mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. Portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior XXXX XXXX. This appears unchanged. Slightly XXXX inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. This is unchanged. Osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. No pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen. 
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild blunting of right costophrenic XXXX. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Senescent changes of the spine are seen.
Right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified. Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. No evidence of active infection. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or effusions identified. Paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial markings The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and XXXX pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on XXXX chest in XXXX. Radiographically, the findings are grossly stable.
1. 8 mm left midlung nodule. XXXX since XXXX. Comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. If old films are not available, or if this is XXXX, chest CT scan could be XXXX to better define this. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. This measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent pulmonary arteries. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
Stable radiographic view of chest. Right mid lung nodule stable XXXX; etiology not determined. This is noncalcified, and is stable since a CT examination from XXXX and is XXXX benign etiology. The lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. Overlying leads.
1. Stable appearance of the left-sided XXXX without acute complicating features. Stable appearance of the left axillary XXXX. No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
Chest: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2. Pectus excavatum. Right shoulder and right clavicle: 1. No acute bony abnormality identified. 2. The lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation XXXX is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Clinical correlation is XXXX. Chest: 2 images. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. There is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings. Right shoulder: 3 images. There has been XXXX and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. The lateral most screw is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Otherwise, the surgical XXXX appears intact. The humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. No bony fractures are seen. The visualized right ribs appear intact. Right clavicle: 2 images. No clavicle fracture is seen. Once again noted is the surgical fixation XXXX, with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw.
1. Right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, XXXX granuloma. The heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal. There is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. Trachea is midline. The lungs otherwise clear. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
Right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. The most recent study is not available for comparison. Recommend further evaluation with XXXX. Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is a 2.5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. There is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Stable appearance of the chest, see above. Stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Prominent right paratracheal stripe. Emphysema. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.
No active pulmonary disease. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Left axillary surgical clips. Bony structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Chondral cartilages causing XXXX over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Bibasilar pleural scarring. No pneumothorax or effusion.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
Redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma. The heart is normal in size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The mediastinum is stable. There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, XXXX patient's known large breast mass. The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. The lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise XXXX. There is no pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right knees negative. Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart size normal. A calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not XXXX since the abdomen CT. Left and right knees. XXXX, XXXX spaces, and soft tissues are normal.
Ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual mass/nodularity seen XXXX scan from XXXX. Well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. A left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in XXXX with its distal tip at the right atrium. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute disease. Left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. Chest CT may be of further XXXX. XXXX level Veriphy message sent. Lungs are free of infiltrates. However, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. The right lung is clear. The heart, XXXX, and mediastinum are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
1. Moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. 2. Minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. There is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. There is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Left lung is clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Stable left mid lung granuloma.
1. Chronic changes without acute process The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial marking. Right upper lobe granuloma, stable The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the left breast. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
Prominent interstitial markings, XXXX represent XXXX bronchiolitis. No focal areas of consolidation. . Prominent interstitial markings. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Chest: Three total images. The heart size is within normal limits. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. No abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an S-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear XXXX deformity identified. Left shoulder: There is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. Glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Mild interstitial prominence, XXXX chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. Cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. Two airspace consolidation or effusion. XXXX are osteopenic. No visible pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. The lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation of the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact
Allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits. 
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
PICC catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. 
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. No effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable appearance of lower cervical fusion XXXX. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. DISH of the thoracic spine.
No acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. Left IJ catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax is seen. The lungs are clear.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia. The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
1. Clear lungs. Cardiac And Mediastinal Contours Are Unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The patient is rotated. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace opacities. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Small hiatal hernia noted. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. There is a stable appearing left-sided XXXX. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine..
There is a near spherical XXXX shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. This may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. Could be further evaluated with CT if clinically indicated. Slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. Overall clear lungs. Normal mediastinal contour. No effusions. 
Prominent transverse aorta. Otherwise clear. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. Azygos lobe is noted. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes noted in the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. There is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
Negative chest x-XXXX. No evidence of pneumonia. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. No focal lung consolidation. A XXXX density overlying the left costophrenic XXXX is XXXX due to overlying soft tissues. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Minimal blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Normal heart size. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Right IJ central venous catheter tip in region of mid SVC. There are 2 AICD leads, one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Degenerative T-spine osteophytes.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The trachea is midline. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal. Stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior CT chest dated XXXX. XXXX are unremarkable.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No acute findings Heart size near top normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not enlarged. Some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.
No acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. A 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. The heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph XXXX. The osseous structures are intact.
Right hemidiaphragm elevation. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. The stomach contour normal. There is right hemidiaphragm elevation. Lungs are clear. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
Heart size upper limits of normal. The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which XXXX represents XXXX appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. No effusions or edema. Mediastinal contour unremarkable. 
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. Lungs are grossly clear. Postsurgical changes from CABG are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. No acute pulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Left XXXX XXXX noted with tip approximating the high SVC, stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1. Large hiatal hernia. 2. Clear lungs. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Large hiatal hernia is present. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. Vascular calcification is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
Device compatible tracheostomy is in XXXX, with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Emphysema with increased lung markings markings, possibly superimposed chronic lung disease/fibrosis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Emphysematous changes of the lungs. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact.
No active disease. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. Heart size is upper limit of normal. Lung XXXX are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified lymph XXXX stable from prior exam.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. All lines and tubes in stable , XXXX position. 2. Limited portable study with stable appearance of lung XXXX with stable widened mediastinum 3. No XXXX acute findings/pneumothorax noted. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. There are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size normal. Sternotomy and bypass grafting. Lungs are clear. No effusions, edema, or pneumonia. 
Negative for acute abnormality. Left ventricular enlargement. Tortuous thoracic aorta. Stable XXXX XXXX, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. Subcarinal calcified lymph XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most XXXX representing some mild chronic inflammatory change. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. 
Scarring at the lateral costophrenic XXXX. Otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX XXXX represents scarring. No pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
Buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the XXXX body. Fracture is possible, if high energy XXXX was localized to this region. Correlate with focal tenderness. XXXX chest, if warranted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. There is a XXXX like deformity of the anterior cortex of the XXXX body (lateral view). Negative for retrosternal density. Prior cholecystectomy. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.
1. Irregular density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX, XXXX artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. Chest fluoroscopy or XXXX would confirm this 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX XXXX represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. There is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which XXXX contributes to this appearance. The lungs otherwise appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. In the pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contour is normal. There are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. There is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.
Heart size is normal. Right lung clear. There is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. This could represent pneumonia or a tumor. Recommend followup radiology until clear. 
Heart normal. Lungs clear. Upper lobe XXXX and emphysema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. There is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Mild costophrenic XXXX blunting suggesting XXXX bilateral pleural effusions and/or thickening. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted. The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. No focal consolidation is seen.
No acute disease. Previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study, XXXX summation artifact. Examination was performed with nipple markers. The previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are otherwise clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Calcified thoracic aorta. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison XXXX, XXXX secondary to a goiter. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Interval removal of left-sided chest tube. Small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion.
1. Mild central vascular prominence, XXXX congestion. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. The cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. Central vascular markings are mildly prominent. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
Possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe. There may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1. Wide mediastinal XXXX, consistent with history of aortic dissection. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-XXXX. The mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy XXXX. The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. No large effusions.
1. No evidence of active disease. Changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
Heart size is at upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal airspace consolidation. 
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Bilateral nipple jewelry.
Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. No edema. No lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper abdomen. 
Heart size is normal. No effusions. XXXX interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. Less XXXX on the right lung. This may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. Other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. Ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. Further evaluation may require CT with IV contrast and high-resolution scans. 
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Atherosclerotic aorta. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculosis. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. Left upper lobe granuloma. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
No active disease. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are surgical clips in the right axilla region.
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute changes from prior imaging. Heart size upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. This could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. This is similar to prior imaging.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted. Inferior sternotomy XXXX is disrupted.
Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. There are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lower anterior cervical spine fusion XXXX. 
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No non-calcified nodules are identified.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. . Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There are severe arthritic changes of the XXXX with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
There are 2 XXXX masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart XXXX measuring up to 3.8 x 3.4 cm. The appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of right-sided breast cancer. 
1. 6 mm left lung nodular opacity. Recommend comparison with prior images. If prior images are not available than further evaluation with CT chest is recommended. Old chest film from XXXX / XXXX from XXXX was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not XXXX seen. Heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. No focal bony abnormality identified.
No acute changes from prior imaging. 2 images. Moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No evidence of acute thoracic XXXX. The XXXX examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. Moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. The lungs are clear.
Postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. No acute findings. There are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. This has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. More focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. No lobar consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax. 
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No non-calcified nodules are identified.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. Levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Mediastinal cardiac size stable. No pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. Pulmonary granulomas. No acute pulmonary process. No acute displaced rib fractures. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. There is an S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. There is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most XXXX represents the SVC with rotated position. XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. A single XXXX cardiac defibrillator XXXX projects over the right ventricle, in stable position. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips from prior CABG.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis, scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
1. No finding suggestive of active disease. No acute osseous abnormalities. Mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. Soft tissues are within normal limits. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1. Right-sided chest XXXX in XXXX without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . A right-sided chest XXXX remains in XXXX with the distal tip at the level of the mid SVC. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
COPD with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection. Both lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX focal infiltrates. A small pleural or collection is XXXX present in the right apex. However, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. Heart size remains normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left XXXX XXXX.
No heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. Minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to XXXX radiation treatment. 
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Heart size normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. Chest, abdomen, and pelvis CT with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. In the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. The previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. Left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. The mediastinum remains normal. Heart size normal.
No acute abnormality identified. 3 images. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are costochondral calcifications. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old left clavicle fracture noted.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
No acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable mild XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pleural effusion is seen. No pneumothorax is identified. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Right XXXX-a-XXXX has been inserted since the previous study. The tip projects over the lower superior XXXX XXXX.
[&lt;The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.&gt;] Extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. Abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic XXXX versus dextrocardia. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal suggests possible right XXXX versus dextrocardia. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..
No acute findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Right granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Interval resolution of left effusion. Central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. Interval placement of left-sided PICC line with tip XXXX in the innominate vein. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Left-sided PICC line has been placed in the interval with tip XXXX in the innominate vein.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine.
Stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs. 
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Aortic calcification. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
A cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single XXXX projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. . 
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no definite focal infiltrate. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities.
Normal heart size. No XXXX of pleural effusions. There appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. Similar changes appear to have been present XXXX scan focused on the abdomen XXXX. For more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider XXXX with high resolution technique. There are no XXXX of acute airspace disease. No lung masses visualized. Visualized bony structures have normal appearance. 
1. Blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. This may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. 2. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 3. Outward XXXX of PICC line. Tip now projects over upper SVC. Left PICC line remains in XXXX. The tip projects over the upper SVC. It has moved outward since the previous study. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
No active disease. Mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid SVC. The lungs appear to be clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior XXXX XXXX level.
Catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size is normal. No acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. The 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. Otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. Bone scan may be informative 
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX overlie the heart.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. There are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Chest: No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Right knee: Severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. Left knee: Severe medial compartment degenerative changes. Chest: The heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. Right knee: There are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. There is no fracture or dislocation. Left knee: There is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. The XXXX of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. There is no fracture or dislocation.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
Left lower lobe XXXX segment pneumonia. Heart size normal. Lungs otherwise clear. No effusion 
XXXX 7 XXXX nodular density at the left costophrenic XXXX. Recommend CT scan for further evaluation. There is a XXXX 7 XXXX nodular density at the left lung base. Lungs are otherwise clear. The CT scan without IV contrast could be performed for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. Right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. No acute osseous abnormality. Stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Possible tuberculosis. Right upper lobe fibronodular infiltrate. Possible right upper lobe cavity. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear 
No acute preoperative findings. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
Prior sternotomy. Midline sternotomy XXXX. Normal heart size. Vascular congestion. No overt edema or lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. 
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
Limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal XXXX). Recommend repeat chest x-XXXX. Artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in XXXX.
No acute process. Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
1. Vague density in right XXXX, XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. Vague density in right mid lung, XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Not visualized on lateral exam.
No Acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Probable nerve stimulator noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Normal heart size. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is within normal limits. Emphysematous changes. Focal pleural thickening in the left apex is XXXX scarring. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There is no focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
No acute preoperative findings. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1.Severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. 2. Possible COPD but no acute pulmonary disease. On the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. Osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. I do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. AP view of the femur shows no femoral XXXX destructive process or other significant abnormality. For of the Left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. No fracture or destructive process is identified. Surgical markers were XXXX in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. PA and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. There may be some hyperinflation. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal in size. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures appear normal.
1. No evidence of pneumonia or aspiration 2. Suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery The lungs appear clear. No evidence of focal pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. In the pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal.
Concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. This can be further characterized with a XXXX of the chest. No confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. PA and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. There degenerative changes of the spine.
Heart size is within normal limits. Coronary artery stent noted. No edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. Clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. The lungs are clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the XXXX. Stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
No active disease. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.
No acute findings. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 8mm nodule in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, XXXX calcified granuloma. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Gastrostomy tube is noted.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute pulmonary findings. . Broken of the 4XXXX XXXX XXXX, similar to the prior study. Stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. No XXXX focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Unremarkable bony structure.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. If there is continued concern for occult fracture, consider dedicated rib series. . Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Multiple granulomas. No acute bony abnormalities.
There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Patient is slightly rotated. Normal heart size. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph XXXX. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
Streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. . Heart size within normal limits. Streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. XXXX chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX's XXXX was notified of this result at XXXXPM XXXX/XXXX and accepted receipt. Results were faxed. . Large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 5.8 cm x 6.0 cm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Lungs clear. Heart size within normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Old rib fractures, healed. Stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is XXXX due to hiatal hernia seen on XXXX examination.
Negative for acute abnormality. Right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. Relative hyperlucency of left lung, XXXX compensatory hyperinflation. Diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right XXXX pulmonary artery, as noted on prior CT. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
Increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. With increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest CT is recommended for further evaluation. There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. There is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal opacification. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. No acute bone abnormality.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate mild anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra. Correlate for focal tenderness and with prior imaging, if possible. Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Clear lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. Left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. Mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.
Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The visualized XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. The lungs are clear.
No acute abnormalities are seen. . The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
Right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.
Heart size within normal limits. No abnormal mediastinal widening. No edema. No focal consolidation. XXXX blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a XXXX right pleural effusion. No pneumothoraces. Flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine. 
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Clips overlie the right medial hilum. 
1. Round area of density measuring 1.9 x 1.8 cm in left superior lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging. Recommend XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation. Dr. XXXX XXXX notified by the Veriphy critical result notification XXXX of the left pulmonary mass and recommended followup XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast at XXXX XXXX/XXXX. Stable appearance of hiatal hernia. Clear right lung XXXX.In the left superior lower lobe there is a 1.9 x 1.8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. Normal cardiac contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. PICC line is in XXXX. The tip is in the upper right atrium.
Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are in XXXX and intact. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The bilateral costophrenic XXXX are excluded from the image on the PA view. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.
3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. This most XXXX due to old histoplasmosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs clear 
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute pulmonary findings. . There are broken 1st and 3rd-5XXXX XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
Clear lungs. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.
No acute abnormality. . Status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. Coronary vascular stent. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. There is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, XXXX related to subpleural fat. The appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. No effusion. Heart size is normal. Lungs otherwise clear. 
Small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. 2 images. Heart size upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. The patient is mildly rotated. There is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. Left chest is clear. No definite displaced bony injury is seen. Results called XXXX. XXXX XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.
No acute findings Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
Heart size normal and lungs are clear. Old healed left lateral rib fractures. 
No evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on today's exam. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Normal chest exam. Clear lungs. Normal heart mediastinum. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Nipple ring on left.
No radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases. Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No effusions or pneumothorax. Limited degenerative change of the spine
Clear lungs. Spinal stimulator in XXXX. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures. Right nipple ring noted.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. Cardiac valve replacement. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. Unremarkable examination of the chest.. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of disease recurrence. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. The mediastinal contours are stable.
Multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. Further workup could be initiated with contrasted CT of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. Dr. XXXX XXXX I discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately XXXX hours XXXX, XXXX. Three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. The largest measures 3.5 mm in diameter. Another nodule is present near the right hilum. It is approximately 2 cm in diameter. The XXXX and mediastinum appear normal. Heart size normal.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
Left basilar airspace disease. Recommend follow up chest x-XXXX to document resolution XXXX for better characterization. There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. This is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. No evidence for effusion.
Negative for acute abnormality. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
Clear lungs. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
Postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality. There are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. There is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. XXXX deviation towards the left. Right lung is hyperexpanded. The right lung is clear. Heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm elevation with XXXX XXXX density near the right costophrenic XXXX most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Clear lungs. Fracture-dislocation of the proximal right shoulder . Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. Bone demineralization. Scoliosis which is possibly positional.
Findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. It is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change. Central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. Heart size and shape are normal. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. The lungs are reasonably well expanded. There XXXX and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung XXXX more marked on the right than the left. There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. There is loss of definition of part of the left heart XXXX. No effusions no pneumothorax.
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is mild scoliosis of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX granuloma is noted in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. Right hilar prominence, corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen and pelvis XXXX, XXXX. Consider XXXX of the chest for further evaluation. . Heart size within normal limits. Prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen and pelvis XXXX, XXXX. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. TIPS noted.
XXXX left lower lobe nodule. The differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. CT may be of further XXXX. In the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. It is not calcified. No other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. XXXX are normal.
1. Distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. 2. No apparent pneumothorax. 3. Stable right upper lung lucency. CT chest may be helpful to further characterize. There is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. There is no apparent pneumothorax. There is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. There is stable right upper lung lucency. The cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. No acute airspace consolidation or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. No suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified. 
No acute pulmonary disease. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Tortuous thoracic aorta. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
Lungs clear. Heart size normal. Flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, XXXX DISH. 
Normal chest film. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion is identified.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present.
1. No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right XXXX-a-XXXX remains in XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. Prominent right epicardial fat XXXX
Stable XXXX silhouette. No pneumothorax. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion. Unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. Mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. No fractures. 
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. Overlying EKG leads.
Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, XXXX secondary to a skin fold. No acute bony findings.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Probable old lateral right rib fractures.
No active disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary finding. There is a left chest wall cardiac XXXX generator with 2 leads, one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which XXXX represents an old fracture..
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable splenic artery embolism coils.
Right upper lobe pneumonia. Heart size is stable. There is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
No active cardiopulmonary disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. Incidental note XXXX of bilateral breast implants.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Left axillary surgical clips unchanged Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring and emphysematous changes noted. The lungs are grossly clear.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes are present in the XXXX spine.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. There is redemonstration of right rib deformities XXXX from old XXXX. XXXX of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable prominence of the cardiac apex, XXXX from ventricular hypertrophy. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. No pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Callus or granulomas identified. Left XXXX-A-XXXX remains in XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. Recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. If none are available consider nonemergent XXXX chest for further characterization. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. In the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pulmonary nodules. 2. A single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral XXXX fracture is present. Without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. Metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not XXXX. 3. Healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. These XXXX't contours appear normal. There is a XXXX fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. This vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. The age of this fracture is unknown. There are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. There is a healed left clavicle fracture.
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
Chronic lung disease without acute findings. Chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. Bilateral apical pleural thickening. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Stable heart size. Marked degenerative change of the XXXX, status post remote right humerus fracture. XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also XXXX chronic.
Stable exam with known right aortic XXXX. Stable appearance of the right aortic XXXX. Normal heart size. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute findings. No evidence of pneumonia. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1. Chest. No active disease. 2. The knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease. Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left knee. The right total knee prosthesis remains in XXXX. The medial compartment is markedly narrow. Large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. Vague density within the lower lung XXXX is secondary to soft tissue overlap. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Postsurgical changes as described above. . Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes include left chest pacemaker/ICD with XXXX tips over the right atrium and right ventricle, sternotomy XXXX, and graft markers, and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
NO acute preoperative findings. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
The XXXX right pneumothorax and XXXX pneumomediastinum are less apparent. Mid right clavicle fracture. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The right pneumothorax is not appreciated. Pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible. There is a mid right clavicle comminuted fracture. There are lateral mid right rib deformities, perhaps due to fractures as well.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No evidence of active disease. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the distal SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. The lungs are otherwise clear.
Stable appearance of the chest. No XXXX or acute finding on today's study. Normal heart size. Left chest XXXX tip mid SVC. Right axillary surgical clips. Stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. No acute pulmonary findings.
Moderate sized right pneumothorax. There is minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift, suggesting XXXX. Minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. This measures 3.2 cm at the level the right apex.
Clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. Numerous XXXX calcifications are again noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary disease. There are stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
No active disease.. No visible cardiopulmonary injuries. XXXX change. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1. No evidence of active disease. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. No adenopathy is seen.
No acute abnormality. Stable chest. Stable position of right central venous catheter. Interval removal of nasogastric tube. Heart size is normal. Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. There are degenerative changes within the XXXX bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. XXXX XXXX in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
1. Patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. There is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated. Dextroscoliosis noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. Stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild congestion without edema. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with XXXX cell changes.
No active disease. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
No acute process. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Prior cholecystectomy
No acute abnormality. Normal heart and mediastinum. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
1. Bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases 2. Right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in the right atrium. There are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. In the right lung, there is a 1.9 x 2.1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. There is a 1.0 x 1.2 cm nodule XXXX above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. There is a 1.0 x 1.1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the PA view. If not already performed, contrast-enhanced XXXX would be XXXX suited to evaluate these findings. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. To the stomach contours appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are left-sided axillary clips. There is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium.
Post operative chest with no acute disease. Sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. Both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Calcified mediastinal XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
