Bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present. Heart size normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal. Shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to XXXX.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX. XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure. Some XXXX opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour. 
Interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. Residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. Improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
XXXX bilateral effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX bilaterally.
Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present.
1. Cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. 2. Bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. There is stable cardiomegaly with XXXX pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. There are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute bony findings.
Unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. No change chronic interstitial lung disease. 
XXXX left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. Minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. Stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. Clear right lung. 
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Small right pleural effusion. No change. 3. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 4. Improvement in right lung airspace disease. The central venous line has been removed. An inflammatory defibrillator is noted. The heart is enlarged. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. No pneumothorax is seen. There has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. Some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.
Left lung clear. Slight cardiomegaly. Right effusion. Right lower lobe infiltrate. Two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most XXXX representing hydropneumothorax. This radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. CT scan with IV contrast may be helpful. 
Large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. Small right pleural effusion. Right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart XXXX. 
1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.
Bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis. One XXXX are low. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right. The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. 2. Decreasing right pleural effusion. There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, XXXX evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions.
1. Increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. 2. Interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax. . Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and XXXX right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large XXXX feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
Large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. Right costophrenic XXXX is blunted. In the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. The pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Decreasing lung volumes. Probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms. 
XXXX XXXX right pleural effusion. There is a right IJ central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior SVC. Cardiac silhouette is normal size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is a small right pleural effusion. Otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Basilar atelectasis with XXXX posterior recess pleural effusions. Overall, findings of mild volume overload. 
1. Enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. 2. Mild bibasilar atelectasis and/or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. . There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are XXXX XXXX pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Right perihilar opacities. No pneumothorax identified.
1. Left midlung mass. 2. Left base effusion. 3. Probable hiatal hernia. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left pleural effusion is present. A mass density is present in the left midlung zone. This measures approximately 3.2 cm in diameter. Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. Some XXXX of right lung atelectasis are noted. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities are present in the spine. Multiple surgical clips are noted. No pneumothorax is seen.
1. Moderate right pleural effusion. Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. Normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. Clear left lung XXXX.
1. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator, right atrial and right ventricular leads. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left greater than right, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.
1. Partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. 2. Stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. 3. Bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. There is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. There is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. There is some pleural fluid tracking along the right XXXX fissure. There is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size is within normal limits. Right PICC tip is at the SVC. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. 2. Ill-defined XXXX right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. Further imaging XXXX of the chest may be indicated. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Right chest XXXX tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. Vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, XXXX from prior study. These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. The left lung appears grossly clear. Drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
1. Left lower lobe, superior segment, airspace consolidation, radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. Based on patient's age, a followup chest x-XXXX to document resolution is recommended. 2. XXXX left parapneumonic pleural effusion. There is mild XXXX mentally without pulmonary edema. Tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. Stable positioning of the dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX device. No visible pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX appreciated on lateral projection. Increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Lines and tubes as above. Moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. There are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. Heart size is normal. Left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC.
Pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. Again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. Overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. Right lung stable and grossly clear. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Loculated appearing right pleural effusion and right basilar airspace disease. The left lung is grossly clear. There is a right pleural effusion which appears somewhat loculated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. The left lung is grossly clear. Unchanged sclerotic lesion in the left proximal clavicle. No pneumothorax. No left pleural effusion. There are T-spine osteophytes.
Bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. Bilateral pleural fluid. Consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. Patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1. No pneumothorax following removal of left-sided chest tubes. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
There is a left IJ approach central catheter. There is a XXXX noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. The tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette is stable. No edema. Essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no XXXX consolidation or pneumothorax. XXXX left pleural effusion. Chronic left 6th rib fracture. 
1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
Small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. There is a small right pleural effusion. There is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. Small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
1. No residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. No pneumothorax. 2. Mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. 3. Small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased XXXX compared to prior chest radiograph. Left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease. 
1. Bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema Bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours.
1. Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. 3. No visible pneumothorax. AP and lateral view of the chest.
1. Minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, XXXX acute. There is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. Questionable anterior XXXX cortical disruption seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be needed to evaluate this. 3. XXXX left-sided pleural effusion There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. There is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be XXXX to evaluate this finding. As the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both PA and lateral views. There is a XXXX left-sided pleural effusion as well. The left lung appears grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Right chest XXXX in the SVC. Small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. Streaky perihilar opacification, XXXX a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. Similar appearance to the prior study. 
Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with XXXX goiter. Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
1. Stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Changes post bilateral thoracotomy and XXXX sternotomy. Intact XXXX XXXX. Stable position of the epicardial XXXX XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Bilateral small pleural effusions.
1. Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and XXXX posterior pleural effusion. 2. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. These lesions are XXXX and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with CT. Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of XXXX B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a XXXX posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes.
1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Question XXXX pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation. Mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent small effusions. No pneumothorax is present. There is moderate cardiomegaly. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
1. Stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening Again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, XXXX a XXXX effusion or scarring. Opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, XXXX scarring. Heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. There is no vascular congestion or edema. There's no pneumothorax.
Mild heart failure versus volume overload. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There low lung volumes. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. Bibasilar airspace disease is also present. Probable XXXX left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. . Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure. 2. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. 3. Cardiomegaly. 4. No XXXX abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same XXXX Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
1. Heart size upper limits of normal. 2. Small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease. Lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. The right lung is clear. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Interval development of large right-sided pleural effusion. XXXX deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body XXXX relates to XXXX deformity described on previous CT scan. There has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. XXXX deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
1. Left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. Recommend followup PA and lateral chest x-XXXX in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. Bilateral small pleural effusions. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Scattered bilateral granulomas. Patchy left basal airspace opacity. Bilateral small effusions.
1. Moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. 2. Small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. There is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. Severe slightly smaller than is compared to XXXX. There is a small left pleural effusion. This is unchanged as compared to the prior study. There is a right chest wall venous XXXX XXXX which appears accessed. No pneumothorax. Scaphoid abdomen.
1. Left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. 2. Cardiomegaly. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no visible pneumothorax. The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. However, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. The right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. This is XXXX-XXXX and may be due to left XXXX XXXX osteoarthritis or a remote right XXXX XXXX mild XXXX.
Left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. Associated right pleural effusion. In the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. Costophrenic XXXX blunted on the right. Left lung clear. Heart size normal.
No significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid. Mediastinal contours are normal. No significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid..
Bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections. Patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.
Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. . Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. This may be secondary to inhalational injury. Recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. The heart is within normal limits in size. Surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. The lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. There is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
1. Focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. 2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. There is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. This was not present on the recent prior study. There is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There is a prosthetic valve. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Sternotomy XXXX are noted in XXXX. Vascular clips are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft. The previously seen central venous line catheter has been removed. A left pleural effusion remains. Underlying atelectasis is suspected. Given differences in technique, the effusion is not XXXX to be significantly different but is XXXX favored to be lower end of moderate for size. Osseous structures are remarkable for osteopenia, degenerative changes and there is some kyphosis noted to the thoracic spine. 
1. Stable position a left-sided pacemaker leads. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. There is a left-sided cardiac pacemaker identified whose leads are stable in position overlying the right atrial appendage and right ventricle. Persistent cardiomegaly. XXXX calcifications are noted of the mitral valve. There are bilateral pleural effusions. Mild subsegmental atelectasis of the right lung base. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Mild elevation right diaphragm. Bone demineralization.
Persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. Consolidation and costophrenic XXXX blunting persists in both lower lobes. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No XXXX infiltrates.
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
1. Right-sided small pleural effusion. 2. Right base XXXX/fluid level. Atypical location for a hiatal hernia. Cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. Correlation XXXX scan recommended. Does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. There is an the right base XXXX/fluid level. The left lung is clear.
1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
1. Tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. 2. Ill-defined 2.5 cm x 1.9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, XXXX lower lobe. This is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. Although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation XXXX chest is recommended. A message was left with doctor XXXX' service at 142 pm XXXX/11. 3. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. 4. Osteopenia. Minimal loss of XXXX of an upper thoracic vertebra. 5. Irregular 1.8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 XXXX callus with XXXX similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. 6. Heart size normal. 
Heart size is normal. Small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. Probable interstitial edema, less XXXX fibrosis. 
Small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease. Endotracheal tube and NG tube have been removed. Mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Cardiomegaly with XXXX right pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly. Prominent XXXX are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic XXXX blunting. No focal infiltrates.
Right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. Within the right lower lobes there are XXXX airspace opacities XXXX representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality.
Small bilateral pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Small pleural effusion is identified.
1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Emphysema. Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. XXXX are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.
Persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. Heart size normal. Enteric tube tip in the stomach. Midline abdominal clips. XXXX in the right upper quadrant. Bullet overlies L3. 
1. Patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. Small right pleural effusion. . Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion.
Right lung clear. Catheter tip in upper SVC. Heart size appears normal. Patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic XXXX. The ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to XXXX for dyspnea evaluation. 
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. . There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
1. Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema, improved since the prior study. 2. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. Negative for pneumothorax. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. Mild cardiomegaly. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.
Minimal left costophrenic XXXX airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Minimal left costophrenic XXXX airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. There is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX XXXX basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. Left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. XXXX right costophrenic XXXX, right lung free of focal consolidation. 
Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, XXXX combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions. There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
1. Question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. This is XXXX to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic XXXX, XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted, XXXX corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
1. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. 2. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. 3. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
1. Patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. XXXX left pleural effusion and associated left basilar airspace disease. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 
1. Technically limited exam. 2. Low lung volumes with XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. . Evaluation is limited by body habitus and AP technique. Enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and XXXX film. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Cardiac XXXX generator leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. Two XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.
XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. Follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy. There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart XXXX is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Right sided pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour. Right sided pleural effusion. Clear left lung XXXX. No pneumothorax.
Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
Mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. Possible XXXX right pleural effusion. The heart is enlarged. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. XXXX right pleural thickening versus XXXX pleural effusion is noted. There is no acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax is seen. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
Enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. Small pleural effusions. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. There is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. There are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. No evidence of pneumothorax. Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with XXXX XXXX bilateral effusions. Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy XXXX and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are XXXX.
1. Probable small bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Possible lower thoracic XXXX deformity not well characterized on today's study. The lungs are clear. There appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not grossly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic XXXX deformity that is not well-characterized. Arthritic changes are seen.
Large pericardial effusion. There is an marked interval increase in heart size. The heart also demonstrates the XXXX XXXX configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. A small right pleural effusion the present. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pneumothorax.
Moderate congestive cardiac failure. Moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. A large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, XXXX chronic fungal. No pneumothorax.
Borderline heart size. Aortic atherosclerosis. Small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC. NG tube has been removed. There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach. 
XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. Early interstitial show pulmonary edema. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Again seen is evidence of prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. XXXX XXXX right and XXXX left pleural effusions. There is XXXX right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. XXXX B-lines seen at the lung bases. No consolidation or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
 1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity XXXX combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Congestive heart failure with bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
Minimal cardiomegaly. Prominent pulmonary XXXX. Probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. No pneumonia 
Small bilateral pleural effusions. . Prominent interstitial markings. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Normal heart size. Catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. There is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left.
Compared to XXXX, there is a XXXX left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated XXXX of XXXX. There is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the abdomen. 
Stable blunting of right costophrenic XXXX with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Calcified AP XXXX lymph XXXX are seen. A small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. Right inferior rib deformities.
1. Soft tissue neck negative. 2. Chest. Heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. Soft tissue neck. The airway is XXXX. No laryngeal edema. Laryngeal XXXX intact. Cervical spine intact. Chest. The heart is large. Diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
1. Chest. Right 4th rib fracture. No cardiopulmonary injury. No pleural air collection. 2. Right shoulder negative. 3. Right humerus negative. Chest. A minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib 4. The small amount of pleural fluid is XXXX deep to the fracture. No pleural air collection. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Right shoulder. XXXX, soft tissues, and alignment are normal. Right humerus. XXXX and soft tissues are intact.
1. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward XXXX deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated.
1. Small right pleural effusion. Increased. 2. No pneumothorax is seen. 3. Scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. No pneumothorax is identified. Some scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis are seen. Surgical XXXX remain in XXXX. The left lung appears clear.
Large left lower lobe opacity XXXX represents a large layering pleural effusion. Right lung is clear. Large left lower lobe opacity is present. There does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
1. Improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. 2. Small right-sided pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. There is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. Heart silhouette is not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There is no pneumothorax
1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. XXXX right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. Left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . XXXX right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic XXXX. There is a XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is XXXX alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
1. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Left PICC line and NG tube remain in XXXX. Heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. No pneumothorax is noted.
1. Right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion probably representing pneumonia. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. Lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. Left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax.
Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. Prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload. . Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. There is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Stable tunneled dialysis catheter. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
 AP and lateral views were obtained. Bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Heart size upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothorax. XXXX pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally. 
1. Small left pleural effusion. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. The lateral view shows a XXXX left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
XXXX onset right basal chest infection XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval XXXX removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax.
1. Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. 3. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle. 
Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis. Borderline heart size. Worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. Small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. Elevated diaphragms.
Left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. Small left pleural effusion. Left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic XXXX on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Right PICC is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base 
Stable cardiomegaly and XXXX of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion. There is stable cardiomegaly. Right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. Pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. Prominent interstitium is stable. No XXXX focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.
1. Interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. XXXX airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Bilateral airspace disease. 2. Stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
Recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
Mild cardiomegaly. Densely calcified aorta. Prominence of the pulmonary outflow and XXXX most XXXX indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. There is no overt edema. The right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and XXXX left pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 
1. Worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most XXXX due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. Superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. 3. Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC. . 
Central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX edema, consolidation. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. Compared to prior chest radiograph from XXXX, there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. Mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. No XXXX nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
Heart size normal.No significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. Small residual right pneumothorax. Increased right base atelectasis.Catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is. 
Exam limited by body habitus. Grossly similar appearance of the heart and mediastinum. Left upper lung nodule appears calcified and XXXX reflects granuloma. There is a small left pleural effusion, no definite right-sided pleural effusion and no visible pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. 
1. Increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. 2. Small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. There is increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. This pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. There is no significant mediastinal shift. The right lung remains clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. No focal air space opacities. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
1. Cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. Mediastinal contours are normal. Blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. Increased interstitial opacities.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
1. Concern for left subphrenic free air. Verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. 2. Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Left central venous catheter in unchanged position. 4. Interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the XXXX-of-view. There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the XXXX-of-view.
1. Small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, XXXX residual atelectasis. 3. Near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with XXXX residual. . Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion.
Interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. Persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. Stable left-sided chest tubes. . Two left-sided chest tubes again noted. Interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. Interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. Right lung clear. Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. Left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Extensive patchy bilateral airspace disease. Probable XXXX posterior recess pleural effusion. Grossly normal heart size. Chin obscures the pulmonary apices. 
no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. Decubitus x-XXXX XXXX be informative. No evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses. 
1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia. Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion. 
Right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. There is mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No acute bony abnormalities.
Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. Skin XXXX have been removed since prior study study. The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. There are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. The right lung is grossly clear.
1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. . Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.
1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the XXXX XXXX CT. Heart size is XXXX within normal limits. There are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. There is no pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Abnormal convexity within the mediastinum XXXX represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior XXXX.
In view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of XXXX acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. PICC line catheter tip XXXX in the right atrium. Heart is not enlarged. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. Lungs are mildly under expanded. No pneumothorax. There are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung XXXX. There is a larger area of XXXX patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
Large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. Grossly clear left lung. The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. XXXX opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
Improved basilar aeration. Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, XXXX on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. Changes of emphysema. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Prominent hiatal hernia. Left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. XXXX right pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema / overt CHF identified. Stable senescent mediastinal contour. 
Probable XXXX posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia. Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
1. Left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia with small pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Cardiac pacemaker leads are within right atrium and ventricle. There is stable XXXX tube. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe of he states he may be atelectasis or pneumonia. There is small left-sided effusion. No pneumothorax.
Extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, XXXX within the pleural space. Some mild right pleural thickening versus XXXX effusion. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour stable. 
1. Mild stable cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
