1. Increased opacity in the right upper lobe with XXXX associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. Recommend chest CT for further evaluation. 2. XXXX opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. There is XXXX increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.
Comparison XXXX, XXXX. XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure. Some XXXX opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour. 
No active disease. Both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar XXXX are present
Recurrent right pneumothorax, complete collapse of the right lung, near 100%. Right-to-left mediastinal shift is present, suggesting XXXX physiology. 
1. Low volume study without definite acute process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
Interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. Residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. Improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
1. Scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. Decreased from prior radiograph. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. There are postoperative changes of sternotomy and CABG. There is stable mild cardiomegaly. There are scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Left base atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. . There is minimal XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Correlate clinically. There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. The left lung is clear. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.
1. Severe emphysema. 2. Irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. This may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. If none are available, recommend short-term XXXX in 3 to 4 months. Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. These were not XXXX available at the outside institution. Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild XXXX scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia.
Low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. There is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. There are low lung volumes. The heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is minimal right basilar atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures appear intact.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. There is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Heart size is enlarged. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
No focal lung consolidation. No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Left lower lobe XXXX density XXXX representing atelectasis. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
1. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since XXXX exam. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Osteopenia. Mild loss of XXXX of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
Stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. Findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia. The left hilum is retracted superiorly. In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. Additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. No infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. Heart size is normal. These findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. This may be calcification. 2. Minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base. Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. These contours are normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Low lung volumes on the AP view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Vagal nerve stimulator overlying the left chest. Minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. . There is a vagal nerve stimulator with XXXX overlying the left chest. XXXX appears intact without fracture. There is a XXXX opacity within the right lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
Focal area of XXXX scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. No acute pulmonary process. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal XXXX left basilar scarring/atelectasis. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Minimal left midlung atelectasis. 3. Blunting of left costophrenic XXXX. This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. 2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. XXXX atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the angulate. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. XXXX right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.
1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of XXXX cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis. Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. XXXX right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
1. Cardiac XXXX in stable position. 2. Increase in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis. Left-sided dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX in stable position. The heart is of normal size. Interval decrease and left basilar opacity. Increase in XXXX opacities in the right lung base. No pneumothorax or large effusion. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Calcification of the thoracic aorta.
1.Lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. Metastatic disease is possible. 2. Clear lungs The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. XXXX density in the left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. The heart and XXXX very XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. There is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. Metastatic disease cannot be excluded.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right. The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Minimal atelectasis left base, no acute abnormality. Lungs are clear. There is minimal atelectasis in the left base. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. XXXX density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. Visualized osseous structures intact.
Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
1. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. 2. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right. . The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and XXXX the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, XXXX remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
Bibasilar atelectasis. No pneumonia. . There are XXXX opacities within both lung bases, XXXX representing atelectasis. Heart size is upper limits of normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumothorax.
Marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. Mild atelectasis in the right base. Stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. Obscured left heart XXXX. Kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel XXXX deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia. 
Some XXXX opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasis/scarring. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Heart appears prominent. Some tortuosity thoracic aorta. Midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia. 
1. Mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis. Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence of the mediastinum. Bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1. Improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. 2. Decreasing right pleural effusion. There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality.
1. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX atelectasis. Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute abnormality Heart size is normal. Mild XXXX XXXX atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
Minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis. Cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
1. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, XXXX evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions.
Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis. Lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
Mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease most XXXX representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes. Overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. This most XXXX represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1. Increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. 2. Interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax. . Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and XXXX right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large XXXX feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
Further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. No evidence of recurrence. Heart size normal. No effusion. 
Emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. No acute process. Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema.
Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
1. Chest. Continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. 2. Right shoulder. Scapular fracture. 3. Clavicle. Acromioclavicular separation. Chest. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. No pleural air collections. Shoulder and clavicle. Fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. It is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. The humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. Cutaneous air is present. Fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. The acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
Mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. There is mild streakiness in the right base. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Calcified granulomatous disease noted. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in the left XXXX, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
1. Large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. Airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. Possible apical cavitation. Tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. There is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. There is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. Within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. At the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. This could indicate cavitation. Left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. No convincing acute bony findings.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Basilar atelectasis with XXXX posterior recess pleural effusions. Overall, findings of mild volume overload. 
Chronic changes without acute disease. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Clear lungs. Low lung volumes. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1. Enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. 2. Mild bibasilar atelectasis and/or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. . There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are XXXX XXXX pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Right perihilar opacities. No pneumothorax identified.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild basilar atelectasis. Increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
1. Left midlung mass. 2. Left base effusion. 3. Probable hiatal hernia. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left pleural effusion is present. A mass density is present in the left midlung zone. This measures approximately 3.2 cm in diameter. Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. Some XXXX of right lung atelectasis are noted. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities are present in the spine. Multiple surgical clips are noted. No pneumothorax is seen.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . The trachea is midline. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. Low lung volumes XXXX XXXX atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Moderate right pleural effusion. Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. Normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. Clear left lung XXXX.
1. Focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart. Calcified lymph XXXX in both XXXX. XXXX amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
1. XXXX of left base atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered XXXX of left base atelectasis are noted. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
1. No significant interval change. Stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left PICC. Stable tubing overlying the midabdomen.. Persistent patchy retrocardiac airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis.. Severe stable scoliotic changes of the spine..
1. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 2. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance XXXX atelectasis/scar. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral XXXX opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Lines and tubes as above. Moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. There are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. Heart size is normal. Left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC.
1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. . Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
Pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. Again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. Overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. Right lung stable and grossly clear. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the XXXX aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs.
Minimal XXXX left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam. Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.
No active disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
Bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. Bilateral pleural fluid. Consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. Patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. 
Stable cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion is redemonstrated. Patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. Right base is clear. No large effusion or pneumothorax. 
1. Streaky left basilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis versus infiltrate. 2. Cardiomegaly, stable. Interval removal of cardiac XXXX generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax.
Minimal small area scarring of the left base. There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
1. XXXX right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. 2. Multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at XXXX the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. 3. Mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. There are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. Additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. There is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. There is a small hiatal hernia. There is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
1. No residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. No pneumothorax. 2. Mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. 3. Small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased XXXX compared to prior chest radiograph. Left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease. 
1. XXXX atelectasis in the right lung base. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. XXXX atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast XXXX is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. Heart size within normal limits. Bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.
Left basilar atelectasis and/or infiltrate, with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size upper limits of normal. Small amount of left basilar airspace disease. The right lung is clear. There are no cavitary lesions seen. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
XXXX displacement of a fusion XXXX on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam. Severe scoliosis, tracheostomy tube, left PICC tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein, repositioning recommended. Heart size within normal limits for technique, retrocardiac opacity XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. VP shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube. 
1. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. Low lung volumes. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality.
1. XXXX opacities in the lingula. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. XXXX since the earlier study. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some XXXX bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal platelike atelectasis left base. 
Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. Overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 
Cardiac pacing leads in stable position, without evidence of acute complication. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There are 3 cardiac pacing leads in stable position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is XXXX less XXXX but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.
1. Large hiatal hernia with dilated intrathoracic stomach. This was incompletely evaluated on XXXX, however, radiographic and CT findings suggestive organoaxial gastric volvulus. A similar appearance was demonstrated on the XXXX exam and this is favored to represent a chronic finding. If clinically indicated, additional CT images through the mid to lower chest or upper XXXX XXXX be helpful for confirmation. 2. Otherwise, grossly clear lungs. There is a large hiatal hernia. The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level. This was incompletely demonstrated on the CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Heart is XXXX within normal limits. There is mild atelectatic change draped over the hernia sac. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is XXXX within normal limits.
Lordotic film. Low lung volumes. Heart size within normal limits for this projection. Lower thoracic spine fusion. Small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. This may be projectional followup films may be helpful. 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. There are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart size within normal limits. Mild XXXX left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Hyperlucent lungs, XXXX related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality.
1. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Platelike right midlung atelectasis. . There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax.
1. Minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, XXXX acute. There is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. Questionable anterior XXXX cortical disruption seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be needed to evaluate this. 3. XXXX left-sided pleural effusion There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. There is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be XXXX to evaluate this finding. As the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both PA and lateral views. There is a XXXX left-sided pleural effusion as well. The left lung appears grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
1. Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph XXXX as XXXX. 2. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. 
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Right chest XXXX in the SVC. Small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. Streaky perihilar opacification, XXXX a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. Similar appearance to the prior study. 
1. Cardiac defibrillator. Leads appear intact. 2. No pneumothorax identified. 3. XXXX XXXX opacities. Findings may reflect atelectasis and/or mild fibrotic change. There is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. Leads overlie the right atrium, right ventricle, and left lateral coronary vein. The leads appear intact. Heart size is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. There is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1. Right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. 2. Low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis. . Right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. Low lung volumes. No pleural effusion. Left lower lobe airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with XXXX goiter. Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Right jugular XXXX catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC. Curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. Correlate clinically. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. XXXX scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy XXXX, CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery. 
1. Stable AICD with intact XXXX replacement. 2. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Surgical cervical XXXX is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. XXXX opacity in the left upper lobe, XXXX atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
Cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. Mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
1. Low lung volumes. 2. XXXX XXXX opacities. Right base appears to represent atelectasis. Left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. The appearance of the right base opacity XXXX atelectasis. The left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1. Decreased lung volumes. Bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral XXXX XXXX be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral XXXX.
Left basilar atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX appear intact.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the XXXX of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No active disease. Minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable XXXX bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on XXXX examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. XXXX lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
1. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No XXXX airspace disease. The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.
Elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. Normal heart size. Mild spondylosis. 
Right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right lung base airspace disease on frontal XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild wedge XXXX deformity of T12.
1. Cardiomegaly 2. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left base XXXX atelectasis Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
Senescent changes with XXXX sternotomy. Some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
1. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure. 2. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. 3. Cardiomegaly. 4. No XXXX abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same XXXX Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. This radiograph was XXXX available for my interpretation at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
Findings of COPD with right costophrenic XXXX focal atelectasis. The lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right costophrenic XXXX. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
No comparison chest x-XXXX XXXX lungs. Lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. No substantial mediastinal shift seen. Right lung grossly clear. 
Continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacity is present in the right middle lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1. XXXX densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis 2. Abnormal opacity in the right base XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion Atrial septal occluder artifact. Rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX densities in the left base, small focal XXXX opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic XXXX. Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. No pneumothorax seen.
Low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
Low lung volumes with crowding. Mild left base atelectasis. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal XXXX XXXX secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1. COPD. Basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. No acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity XXXX due to discoid atelectasis and/or XXXX scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
Left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. Associated right pleural effusion. In the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. Costophrenic XXXX blunted on the right. Left lung clear. Heart size normal.
Lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes.
XXXX and vague opacity at the right lower lobe of uncertain significance. Could represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Borderline heart size related to recent pregnancy. Consider followup chest radiographs to show clearing. Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. It would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which XXXX represent atelectasis. Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
1. Posterior basilar XXXX opacity XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar XXXX opacity seen on lateral XXXX XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis, XXXX visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine.
Stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. Minimal atelectasis left base. Heart size normal 
Small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1. XXXX large hiatal hernia. 2. Left base atelectasis. [<Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. This is XXXX from prior examination. There is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
No evidence of active disease. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present which are XXXX to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.
1. Low lung volumes 2. Patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX suggestive of small pleural effusions. This is seen XXXX in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. Esophagogastric to the in XXXX, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed. 
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
1. Stable position a left-sided pacemaker leads. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. There is a left-sided cardiac pacemaker identified whose leads are stable in position overlying the right atrial appendage and right ventricle. Persistent cardiomegaly. XXXX calcifications are noted of the mitral valve. There are bilateral pleural effusions. Mild subsegmental atelectasis of the right lung base. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Mild elevation right diaphragm. Bone demineralization.
No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
XXXX XXXX atelectasis/airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are XXXX XXXX opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
There are low lung volumes with central vascular congestion and lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Compared to XXXX, there is a stable appearing defibrillator and cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX and spine. 
Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. No focal pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications.
Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. XXXX mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, XXXX focal atelectasis and scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
1. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. Low lung findings. Left retrocardiac opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1. XXXX indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, XXXX is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest. The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. Within the right lower lobes there are XXXX airspace opacities XXXX representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality.
Negative for acute cardiopulmonary process. Negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. The visualized bony structures are intact. There are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid/lower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax.
XXXX change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
No acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with XXXX left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
1. Interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. Multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and XXXX pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasis/infiltrate. 2. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable pulmonary vascular congestion. . Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. Interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. Pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable left XXXX. No evidence of pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.
Suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. No effusions. Stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Mild cardiomegaly. Basilar atelectasis. Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
Heart size is top normal. Tortuous aorta. No edema. Patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Right hilar surgical clips. 
1. Previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few XXXX opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
Minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. Heart size upper limits normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. 
1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Increasing large left pleural effusion. Increasing left basilar opacity; atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Increased size of masslike left lung base opacity seen only on PA view. This could represent loculated fluid, atelectasis or a lung mass. CT scan is recommended to further evaluate. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. . There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally XXXX reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. Minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No pneumothorax. 
Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, XXXX combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions. There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
1. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also XXXX streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
1. Question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. This is XXXX to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Low lung volumes with mild, XXXX left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, XXXX opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Moderate enlargement of the heart XXXX. This shows significant interval increase in size from the remote XXXX comparison. XXXX cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. Minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
1. Patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.
1. No acute findings. 2. XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Right apical opacities; the appearance XXXX scarring. There is a cardiac pacemaker. Leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. The leads appear intact. There are XXXX left lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are mild right apical opacities, XXXX scarring. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Mild XXXX XXXX opacities with scarring; no acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen.
Mild bilateral streaky opacities, XXXX atelectasis. No acute infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, XXXX chronic atelectasis.
Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX.
Left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. Recommend clinical correlation. . Left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
Bandlike opacities in the right base. Appearance suggests atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs appear clear.
Emphysema without acute disease. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. XXXX lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
No acute disease. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops. The heart is enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. There is adjacent compressive atelectasis. The lungs are clear.
Right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. Further imaging with CT of the chest is recommended. The heart is normal in size. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. Rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 4.6 cm x 3.7 cm. There is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. No pleural effusions noted. The visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. Stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. There is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. Pneumonia seen on CT examination dated XXXX, XXXX (not seen on prior chest x-XXXX) is not seen either on XXXX chest x-XXXX.
Streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 
Left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis. The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The there are XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most XXXX dependent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from XXXX. . There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is XXXX visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from XXXX. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered XXXX of left base scarring/atelectasis. Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
Right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. No evidence of heart failure. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. There is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the XXXX fissure most XXXX mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. The remaining lungs are clear. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
No acute findings. Left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. There are XXXX opacities in the left lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal XXXX XXXX reflect epicardial fat XXXX and overlying breast tissue. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
Persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size XXXX within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, XXXX atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
Chronic changes of emphysema. No acute findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. Left basilar atelectasis. 2. No focal airspace consolidation. The lungs focal airspace consolidation. There is atelectasis of the left lung base. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cervical vertebral XXXX is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
1. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. 2. Low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. 3. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. Comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. . Heart size within normal limits. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. Mild streaky bibasilar opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
XXXX XXXX bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. Early interstitial show pulmonary edema. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Again seen is evidence of prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. XXXX XXXX right and XXXX left pleural effusions. There is XXXX right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. XXXX B-lines seen at the lung bases. No consolidation or pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
 1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity XXXX combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
Very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. No overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. Visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits. 
Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.
1. Streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. No overt pulmonary edema. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. No large pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. No pneumothorax is identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Bilateral surgical clips are noted.
Persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. Possible small effusions. Sternotomy. Heart size normal. Left IJ catheter tip mid SVC 
Heart size is normal. Left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. Persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen XXXX on the lateral 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Large right XXXX pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. A large pleural air collection is present on the right. Mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. The right lower lobe is totally opaque.
Patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. A strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. Right lung is clear. Heart size remains normal.
1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. Right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
1. Low volume study without definite acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Prominence of superior mediastinal, XXXX superimposed structures. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. Lungs are otherwise clear. No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. There is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from XXXX of XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No suspicion bony destruction identified.
Minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. Low lung volumes. Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
XXXX pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasis/airspace disease. Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size XXXX large. XXXX unremarkable. No large pleural effusion.
1. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. Suggest clinical correlation. The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward XXXX deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated.
1. Small right pleural effusion. Increased. 2. No pneumothorax is seen. 3. Scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. No pneumothorax is identified. Some scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis are seen. Surgical XXXX remain in XXXX. The left lung appears clear.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Thoracic spondylosis.
1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. XXXX right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. Left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . XXXX right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic XXXX. There is a XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is XXXX alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
Bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe XXXX airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. XXXX XXXX opacities XXXX reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
Stable left chest, XXXX-XXXX, cardiac pacemaker seen, sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes. Streaky opacities at the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis, unchanged. The visualized thoracic XXXX are unremarkable. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the left glenohumeral joint. Please
1. Low volume study without acute process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Technically limited exam. 3. Incidental note XXXX of large cervical spine osteophytes. . Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. The lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. Large cervical spine osteophytes.
1. Low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. Otherwise, no acute or XXXX pulmonary abnormality. Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
The lungs are hypoinflated. There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. There is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. 
1. XXXX opacities in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few XXXX opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
 AP and lateral views were obtained. Bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
1. Minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. 2. No acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on XXXX. Bilateral hilar lymph XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis.
1. Small left pleural effusion. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. The lateral view shows a XXXX left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Overall no significant interval change. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
XXXX onset right basal chest infection XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval XXXX removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax.
Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
Minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given AP projection. The right lung appears clear. There is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a partially visualized IVC XXXX on the lateral view. There are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
1. Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. 3. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle. 
Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis. Borderline heart size. Worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. Small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. Elevated diaphragms.
Left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. Right lung is grossly clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base 
No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1. No focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. Minimal left basilar atelectasis. 2. Bilateral pulmonary nodules. These were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. Correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. Further evaluation XXXX of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated. The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. There is minimal left basilar atelectasis. There are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung XXXX. These are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
Minimal atelectasis right base. No evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size is normal. 
1. Left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with XXXX atelectasis without significant change. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen XXXX on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. Degenerative disease of thoracic spine. Stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart XXXX. 
1. XXXX right midlung opacification XXXX representing atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Mild thoracolumbar spine levocurvature. . The heart is normal in size. Left-sided pacemaker XXXX and associated XXXX are unchanged in position. There is also an unchanged incompletely visualized XXXX arising below the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is XXXX streaky opacification in the right midlung. There is mild levocurvature involving the thoracolumbar spine.
1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. 2. Improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. Stable moderate cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. Decreased left basilar airspace disease. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Borderline heart size, stable. 2. Interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. Dual-XXXX left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. The right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. There are XXXX streaky areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.
Recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
Heart size normal.No significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. Small residual right pneumothorax. Increased right base atelectasis.Catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is. 
Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. There is no pneumothorax.
1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.
1. Low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1. Increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. 2. Small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. There is increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. This pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. There is no significant mediastinal shift. The right lung remains clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. No focal air space opacities. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
1.There is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right basilar atelectasis. There is a left basilar airspace opacity. Right basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1. Interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. 2. Hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. . The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. Compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
Minimal left basilar opacity most XXXX representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator XXXX repair on the right.
No acute findings Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1. Concern for left subphrenic free air. Verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. 2. Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Left central venous catheter in unchanged position. 4. Interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the XXXX-of-view. There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the XXXX-of-view.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. There is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, XXXX residual atelectasis. 3. Near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with XXXX residual. . Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion.
Improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. There is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.
COPD and small left basilar scar. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. A small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX region. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
Mild left-sided scarring/subsegmental atelectasis. No definite infiltrate. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. Streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region XXXX reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
XXXX opacity in left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
Mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. . The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Heart size upper normal but stable. Mediastinal contours within normal limits.. Minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.
1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia. Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
Probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly. The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is XXXX and left midlung airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity XXXX atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease.
1. XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, XXXX postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery. There are XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, XXXX intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No XXXX focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
Moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Dual-lumen right IJ catheter is identified without pneumothorax. The lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar XXXX opacities XXXX adjacent atelectasis. There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion. 
Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe. Heart size is normal. Right lung is clear. Granulomatous disease in the bilateral. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
Right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. There is mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No acute bony abnormalities.
Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate. The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
1. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. . There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. Low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
KUB 1. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. Chest 1. Left basilar airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. . KUB. Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. There is also an extremely dilated XXXX in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. There is extensive soft tissue pannus. Prior abdominal surgery. Chest. There is XXXX left basilar opacity. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are no large pleural effusions. There is thickening of the fissure.
Basilar atelectasis. No confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac contours are normal. XXXX basilar atelectasis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical XXXX arthritis.
Large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. Grossly clear left lung. The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. XXXX opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
Chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . There is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Hilar prominence appears stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is stable and grossly normal. There no acute bony findings.
Bibasilar atelectasis. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
Improved basilar aeration. Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, XXXX on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. Changes of emphysema. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
Prominent hiatal hernia. Left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. XXXX right pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema / overt CHF identified. Stable senescent mediastinal contour. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is stable XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. The heart size is near the upper limits of normal. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX T-spine osteophytes are noted.
No acute cardiothoracic process. Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases XXXX relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. XXXX opacity in the left XXXX XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal XXXX, XXXX atelectasis. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Minimal basilar atelectasis on the left 
Probable XXXX posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia. Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
1. Left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine.
Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1. Left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia with small pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Cardiac pacemaker leads are within right atrium and ventricle. There is stable XXXX tube. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe of he states he may be atelectasis or pneumonia. There is small left-sided effusion. No pneumothorax.
1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. XXXX left upper lobe opacities. The appearance XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are XXXX left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits.
1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
Patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary XXXX, XXXX a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tracheostomy tube tip 6.4 cm above the carina. 
1. Low lung volumes. 2. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. . The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
Heart size is normal. Left upper lobe atelectasis / infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. Two venous catheter tips overlie the mid SVC. Small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection. 
No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1. No active infiltrate. 2. Marked enlargement of the XXXX bilaterally, increased since the prior XXXX, XXXX adenopathy. 3. Underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis. The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are underinflated, but XXXX given the underinflation, the XXXX appear enlarged, more XXXX than on the exam and XXXX. Osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. Mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. A right-sided chest XXXX is present with its tip in the upper SVC.
1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. XXXX right lower lung opacity XXXX represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1. Bibasilar atelectasis/infiltrate. Improved from prior. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar atelectasis/infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left chest XXXX with associated central venous catheter tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.
Findings of COPD with right lung base focal atelectasis. No evidence for failure or pneumonia. No change lung XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right lower lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Aorta normal.
Developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. In the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. Also, anterior segment XXXX opacity is present. Right lung remains clear. Heart size is normal.
1. A few basilar XXXX of opacity. This may represent scarring or atelectasis. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis.
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. An element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. In addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. No pneumothorax is identified. The osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. Incidental note is XXXX of nipple XXXX. 
Anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. No effusions or CHF identified. A few scant reticular opacities in right lung base XXXX hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. No XXXX acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 
No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered XXXX opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
